EXPLORE  DISTANT  STARS  \/  4  v4  4 
 

 

 

 

 

 
ey  XS  PROSPECT  )  BUILD  CLAIM  Y  XENOSYSTEMS 
 
Search  a YouTube  on so |  Home  ¥ this account ha:  fen terminated due to multiple or severe violations of YouTub  policy prohi  ing hate speec!  Trending  History  Get YouTube Premium  Get YouTube TY  BEST OF YOUTUBE  El Music  Ed a  EE caming  EE Movies  El Wshows  Ell News  EE ive  EB seotiignt  Ey 260° video  © Browse channels  CBiolube (Be wean eae] [immo] [Rencetnomor] [Roan] [Ome  Sign in to like videos, comment,  About Press Copyright Creators Advertize Developers.  and gubsctibe.  Terma Privtcy Pocy £ Sufvly Send feedback — Teat new features  son | 
 
Google paut joseph watson youtube channel  Q An Gy Videos Bl News  B tages  @ Shopping  E More  ‘Settings  Toots  ‘About 10,400,000 results (0.67 seconds)  Paul Joseph Watson Spreads Fear. London is Not a ****** - YouTube  hittps:/Awww.youtube.comwatchv=JENz0_9wOnt  dul 9, 2019 - Uploaded by BastiViki  Paul Joseph Watson is wrong. ... There are a mimber of American channels  me  2  that point out these same things  MY IMPRESSION- Paut Joseph Watson - YouTube  https: waw youtube. comiwatchy-KhS69eyoGy  dum 10, 2019 - Get tickets to my NEW LIVE SHOW hitps://www facebook.comy/pgikriendiyjordies!  ‘events/ MAROOCHYDORE (JUN 19) TOOWOOMBA (JUN 20)  Alex Jones, Milo Yiannopoulos, Paul Joseph Watson and  - YouTube  hits: twee youtube. commaich?v=KiaanQzma7E  um 2, 2019 - Uploaded by Gulldog Mindset  ‘Alex Jones, Milo Yiannopoios, Paul Joseph Watson and Others  Tate  18:10  speech’, THEN youl have to  Paul Joseph Watson - Wikipedia  hittps:/fen. wikipedia. org/wikiPaul_Joseph_Watson +  Paul Joseph Watson is an English YouTube personality, racko host, writer and conspiracy ... Since  2011, Watson has hosted his own YouTube channel, prisonptanetive, fom which he expresses his  ews on topics such as contemporary  Total views: 390 milton  Years active: 2011-present {as a YouTuber)  Residence: London, Engand Subscribers: 1.67 miton  When you search "paul joseph watson youtube channel" on Google tt  Iittps:fwerw. reddit. com..cqhikatwhen_you_search_paul_joseph_waison_youtube/ +  2 days ago - This sub is dedicated to promoting ethics in journalism, and oppasing censorship and  political correctness.  Paul Joseph Watson - RationalWiki  hittps:/frationatwikiorgtwikzPaul_Joseph_Watson ¥  ‘Aug 2, 2019 - Paul Joseph Watson (PJW of Pyjama Watso) is an at-ite Engish ... As of May 8,  2019, his YouTube channel has 1.6 miion subscribers and  Paut Joseph Watson - IMDb 
 
> YouTube  |  On  Dm Om  David Lanta  Dra Keppeloma@ @orartopperan - 3h  ‘Sempunars, Tam Hague ie ging 2 Up of Ube et hy wioewercoben up w the pn  Fabew on teeta ®  we of tye.  e910 Faia  Ou  oe  Ox  en Magen  Sten Roppelran® Staaringpeinan -3%  Cereeupast  loot. hime munedpowerta prope wt ania 8 ong time Pre heres  Chateeophoar Mecmario®  ‘pronogempnic edence’ there 00 wey tht mes sun  eorerncuarie  arg someone Ried or hurt ino cat ba a arg as fang Bram urgrotac  ‘Ae singie ws verlag someone ova the jot.  rie Keppeinar® Girinianpdmen  Enea oui, Sure Some Hi Prabably what happened.  eg Et fa nj col ABC hey  Hey, fo, we're Rani wo, Enjoy it.  Ante  om  Ow Om  Dean Roppeioma’® @txiinypeinen +3  pats nocd, Sora Saran Hii. Probably ina appara  ir. ln wee Ram ome joy B.  lay Tria heard deed ajo ol AC Ms,  Ow Om Om y  Drtan Koppalanan @ @inartoppean - Sh  .  | wart we ane 2 bot that beets the word “fewer” to atyorne wo woes the wed  “Ta  ‘eae’ oven wen thay Reve ute i correc  Pepin  On  ns  Om  ld  Mae ieee  Deian Hoppeioma® @erianbopparan + 3h  .  | shina eink thera point to mock Kid Rock’ tent. Te guy has mace  Pn fruirons  toa ed reteee, Hats sae a bed parton of iow chemeter wns igri  Delo sae naman spate ape  ec indner at  and cenp, [sont to he scarab 1 not about he work Wa about he my  (cata Meant  Ineidoe and le parsendoed.  <—  Jeffrey Epstein "Dead of Suicide” - Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew Implicated  6 views:  @  Ho  ® SHARE  Ep SAVE  aia,  ‘Why golly gee, how convenient for Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew that Epstein is dead7?  HmmMmmMmMmMm!  Share and spread our links far and wide! 
 
HBO  Ine  | 
 
YAHOO! Qrresicentiatalert us on page 1  @ rresicentiatalert.us on page 1 @G DuckDuckGo@ presidentialalert us on page 1  Google  [Page 2 of about 35,100,000 results (0.31 seconds]  )  b presidential alert ao Ss  Google  presidential alert  presidential alert  presidential alert |  presidential alert  Q  Qo ==]  ]  Google  The first FEMA Presidential Alert just hit phones across the US - The ...  What Is the “Presidential Alert” Popup u1  Tuur Phone Today?  an  Videos  News  +  +  images  Maps  ‘Shopping  I  My saves  Web  Images Videos News Maps  Settings +  Q Av GE) Images  © News  DB) Videos = Shopping  + More  ‘Settings  Tools  hittps:wer.theverge.conv... ‘fema-presidentialalert-test-reminder-trump-public-alert.  https: wer. howtogeek conv ...what-is-the-“presidentialalert”-popup-on-your-phone.  Web  Images  Video  News  More ~  Anytime ~  (Oct 3, 2018 - Update 2:38PM ET: The FEMA test Presidential Alert waming successhity out at  Oct 3, 2018 - Your cell phone wil recenve a national alert today, October 3, at around 2:18 pm ET.  k  Q Av GE) Images  © News  ©) Videos © Shopping § More  Tools  3  453,000 Results  Any tine ~  Safe Search: Moderate ¥  2:18PM ET to phones acrass the country, right on schedule. As expected, the alert followed the  was originally named the Personal Localized Alerting Network (PLAN), was later renamed the  AllRegions +  AnyTime >  About 35,100,000 results (0.43 seconds)  existing emergency alert systems on existing smartphones, with the regular tone — although the  ‘Commercial Mobile Alert System (CMAS), and is now fnalty the WEA... EAS: The Emergency Alert  i  Aiso try: presidential alert on cell phone, presidential alert meme  The alert is the first nationwide test of the  ‘System  What to Know About Wednesday's Presidential Alert | Time  Presidential Alert: 7 Things to Know About Today's Trump Text ...  ¥  presidential alert test, FEMA  in an advisory,  What to Know About Wednesday's Presidential Alert | Time  “THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless  Researchers Send Fake Presidential Alerts to Stadium of 50,000 ...  time.comv5400574/presidentialalert-donakd-trump.  ‘i  _  lent to address the nation in the  TT hnps:/time.com/5400574/presidential-nlert-donald-rump-feria/  oe  +  https:vinvestorplace.com > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks +  The Presidential Alert - also known as the integrated Public Alett and Waming System (PAWS) —  which allows the pri  Emergency Alert System. No action is needed," the  bttps:/gzmodo.com/researchers-send-fake-presidential alerts-to-stadium-of- 1835806.  FEMA sends test of ‘Presidential Alert’ system to cellphones of  ions ..  is anew take on the country's existing emergency waming systems.  event of a national emergency. Using the Wireless  ‘The Presidential Alert - also known as the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System  “presidential alert,” managed by the Federal  Jun 24, 2019 - Researchers figured out a way to exploit the system that sends presidential emergency https:/Avenw. nbcnews. con... fema-senis-test-presidentiatalert-system-celiphones mil  +  Oct 3, 2018 - A presidential alert is being sent to most cellphones across the U.S. today at 2:18 p.m.  :  EDT. The goal is to see # we all get the Trump text.  Emergency Alert (WEA) system, anyone with cell service  (IPAWS) - is » new take on the country's existing emergency warning systems.  Emergency Management Agency, appeared on  alerts to our phones, simulating their method on a 50,000 seat football stadium in Colorado with 290 Oct 3, 2018 - Mitions of cellphones across the U.S. buzzed at 2:18 p.m. ET on Wednesday in the frst  Feel-Good results for presidential alert  should receive the message to their phone. sep 152018  Page 1?  ‘smartphones at 2:18 p.m. EDT. The aim of the alert  =  percent success rate. Researchers at the University of Colorado Boulder published a paper  test of the new “Presidential Alert” wireless waming system.  Ke was soon followed by a more  familar test — the Emergency Alert System test on televisions and radios. ... FEMA sent the alert as  Presidential Alert - National Wireless Emergency Alert  The IPAWS National Test | FEMA.gov  is to wam Americans about national emergencies,  the  FEMA to send its first ‘Presidential Alert’ in emergency messaging s...  and it works like weather or Amber alerts. oc 3, 2018  Emergency presidential alert texts could be faked, researchers say ...  presidentialalert.us!  lecharunch. com2018/09/15ifema-to-send.#s Sst presidentiat alert m-emergency-messagmng-syste  ® hnps:werwfemp.goviemergency-slert-test  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018. THIS IS A TEST of  https:zwew.crel.cony.. emergency-presidentiatalerts-could-be-faked-cu-boulder-res.  +  WV)  Some cell phones will not receive the test message, and cell phones should only receive  the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Action is  fete anower nei? Mgt  the message once. The WEA test message will have a header that reads “Presidential  Presidential alert: Twitter reacts to Donald Trump, FEMA test alert  Jun 20, 2019- US presidential alerts sent out as nationwide emergency text messages coukl be  Opt out of FEMA presidential alerts? You can't, and here's why that’s  ittps: www. usaloday.comistory/news/politics/...presksentialalert’1513317002/  vulnerable to hacks, according to researchers at the University of Colorado Boulder. .. Wireless  https: wens. fastcompany.cony../opt-out-oF fema- presidential alerts-you-cant-and-her.  +  Alert" and text that says: “THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert  ‘Yohoo News  HSN News  ‘Yohoo News  Emergency Alerts (WEA) are geographically targeted messages that alert mobile users in the US  (Oct 3, 2018 - The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has been teling us for a while now  PEOPLE ALSO ASK  ‘System. No action is needed"  @ Avoutreatured Snippets MP Feedback  about missing  that it plans to conduct a national test of the Wireless Emergency Alerts (WEA), specifcalty the  ‘Saturday Night Live’  Nicklaus congratulates  ‘The Netflix Movies To  Get Excited For in 2019  “Presidential Alerts” that are part of the established WEA system.  Unlike President Donald  ‘Spools Presidential  Tiger for receiving  What to know about Wednesday's presidential alert?  Trump's  Alert (Watch)  Presidential Medal of  Presidential Alert - National Wireless Emergency Alert  ‘Presidential Alert’ Goes to Millions of Cellphones Across the U.S. ...  Freedom  People also ask  What could the Presidential alert be used for?  © presidentialalert us  https: wens. nytimes, com/2018/10/03/us/presksentiatalert-trump. him!  Oct 3, 2018 - At 2:18 p.m. Eastem on Wednesday, cellphones across the United States emitted the  Trump Is About To Send His First "Presidential Alert" Right To Your ...  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018 THIS IS A  What is a Presidential Emergency Alert?  What is a national emergency alert?  TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Action is needed.  ‘ominous ring of an emergency presidential alert,  https: wens. buzzfeednews.comy.../trump-is-about-to-send-his-firstemergency-preside.  +  The IPAWS National Test | FEMA.gov  SA  Has there ever been a presidential Alert?  Oct 2, 2018 - The Federal Emergency Management Agency will test the new system, which alows  wow. fema goviemergency-alerLtest v  What is IPAWS alerts?  Presidential Alert - xkcd  Trump to send a message to every phone in the US.  ‘Some cell phones wil nok recene the test message, and cell phonies should only recehe the  bttps:tixkcd.com/1435/ +  message once. The WEA test message wi have a header that reads “Presidential Alert” and text  How does the presidential alert work?  that says: THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No action is needed.”  What to Know About Wednesday's Presidential Alert |  e  Presidential Alert. |< - < Prey - Random - Next > - >|. Permanent link to this comic: hitps:fixked.com  What Is a Presidential Alert? FEMA's Wireless Emergency Text ...  hips :fiime.com#400574ipresidential-alert-donaid-sump-fema ~  (Oct 03, 2018 - The Presidential Alert — also Inown as tre integrated Pubic Alert and Waring  What is a presidential alert on cell phone?  1435/ Image URL (for hotinkingfembedding)  bitps:/nmw.newsweek.com > U.S. > FEMA > Twitter > Trump > Wireless ¥  (Oct 3, 2018 - President Donald Trump's frst-ever Presidential Alert went out Wednesday atemoon,  Presidential Alert - National Wireless Emergency Alert  ‘system (PAWS) — is anew take on the country's existing emergency waming systems.  presidentialalert.us »  Wireless Emergency Alerts - Wikipedia  and those who werent expecting i found themsehes  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018 TS IS A TEST.  ofthe National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Action is needed.  The IPAWS National Test | FEMA.gov  hitps://en wikipedia. orgiwikiWireless_Emergency_Alerts +  hitps terere fema.oviemesgency-alerttest  Presidential alert: Twitter reacts to Donald Trump, FEMA test alert  The  Wireless Emergency Aletts is an alerting network in the United States designed to disseminate  #presidentialalert hashtag on Twitter  ‘Some cell phones wit notrecefve the test message, and ceN phones should ontyrecewve the  ittps: www. usaloday.comistory/news/politics/...presksentialalert’1513317002/  fist national test of a mandatory Presidential alert was held on October 3, 2018 at 2:18 PM EDT as  hittps://twitter. com/hashtag/preskientialalert?iang-en *  message once. The WEA test message wil have a header that reads “Presidential Alert” andtext  Oct 3, 2018 - “THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No action is  patt of a national periodic test (NPT) of  The damn president waning us?! Burhouse about to get ran up! fm Teling yal Bumhouse the one and  tat says: THISIS A TEST of he Nalional Wireless Emergency Alert System, No adion is needed”  needed,” the “presidential alert,” managed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, appeared  ‘only move on a Thursday and we are all the way up for  Wweless Emergency Alerts - Contac Us - Best Practices  on smartphones at 2:18 p.m. EDT. The aim of the alert is to wam Americans about national  ‘emergencies, and it works ike weather or Amber alerts,  Researchers Sent a Fake, Unblockable Presidential Alert to a Stadium ...  Presidential Alert - National  bttps:/Awmw.digitaltrends.com/mobile/fake-unblockable-presidentialalert-stadium’ ¥  less Emergency Alert  PresidentialalerLus +  Jun 24, 2019 - A group of researchers was able to successfully send out fake, unblockable  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018 THISIS A TEST of  presidential alerts to phones in a 50000-seat football stadium,  0  rie Natonal Wireless Emergency Alert System, No Adon is needed. Opt Out of Preston  re  fm  F  bes  bo  9  o  "  P  re 
 
HBO 
 
"eo  Ines  ood  Chit Technet  at  pong 
 
ne  Oy  ge  S  Sa  *  -_  ‘y  ‘ 
 
“BO  “Ina  cried  Chief Technology Corresponac 
 

 

 
a 
 
hs  ee -  ‘@ 
 

 

 
“3  /  - 
 
| an  4 
 

 
@,  4  --  =a  eaten  —_— 
 
A  ~  \ 
 

 
= 
 

 
- 
 
YOUR LACK OF PLANNING  DOES NOT CONSTITUTE  AN EMERGENCY FOR ME 
 
-- 
 
\" 
 

 

 
ty 
 
-  ~ 
 
a  ONE SPLAYED OPEN  CHICKEN .A FEW CRAB LEGS  AND A SAUSAGE TAIL BAKE AT  400 DEGREES FOR 60 MINUTES 
 
d 
 

 
“=. 
 
- 
 

 
Te 
 
—_—  vd  ae  os,  nee  ah  ky *  \ AR  PRY 
 
Ernest Borg 9 
 
Y  - 
 
wo 4  Ped  “  f{ ... 
 

 
ve 
 

 

 

 

 
Nw 
 
WAITING FOR:  HISWOUTUB  ¥  = 
 
ty 
 
ee 
 
Biden: Hmm... hair... should |?  Hillary: If he fucking touches me  Ri 
 

 

 
Ne!  | |  J  f |  A BO0Y MASSAGE?  fs | 
 
GET YOUR KNEES FLEXIN'  AND YOUR ARMS T- REXIN' 
 
BIDEN  YOUR BOOBS 
 
BIDEN  YOUR BOOBS 
 
Truth is, she was  actually that far  from being first  lady.......  ‘  x.  ‘ 
 
ory 
 
WHEN YOU PULL HIS STRING  HE WILL GIVE A PLAGIARIZED SPEECH 
 
BIDEN  YOUR BALLS 
 
BIDEN  2020 
 
1 LOVETAMP  —_  I LOVE ... CHAIR  we  ¢  ,  ~  N  |  I LOWE AMERICA , | LOVE HA  R 
 
TFW JOE BIDEN IS ALSO  WAITING AT THE BUS STOP 
 

 
>  7  THE SAE OUR BBVA:  ESTIMATES.  a  CROWDS  « MAY 7 - HENDERSON, NV: 50-100  = MAY 4 - COLUMBIA, SC: 250-300  o MAY 1 - DES MOINES, IA: 400  a MAY 1 - IOWA CITY, IA: 75  » APRIL 30 - DUBUQUE, IA: 250+  |» APRIL 30 - CEDAR RAPIDS, IA: 150+  i,  Warle  Hiv OF HT ULE. 1,  DW TAUAP ADIN IN 2017, FOR 
 
1. UH... HAVE A GREAT AND POWERFUL REPORT  oh  PAY NO ATTENTION TO ITS  ORIGINS. BIAS, AND OMISSIONS 
 
I'M NOT SAYING THERE  WAS A CRIME  I'M SAYING YOU CAN'T PROVE  THAT THERE WASN'T A CRIME 
 
MUELLER  BINGO  Outside  Not  What  Can You  Was  My  Getting  Repeat  The  Purview  Into  That?  That  Question?  Something  Can’t  Something | Get Into  Purview  That  |e  om EE  jon |S  Won’t  Can’t  Little  Get Into  Get Into | (Xanax  Slower  That  It  Break)  Still  Refer to  Outside  The  Affirmative  My  be  Purview | Report 
 
YOU CAN'T BE ACCUSED  OF LYING UNDER OATH  IF YOU'RE NOT SPEAKING UNDER OATH 
 
tra not going  40 get into that  stion  ur que’  —_  y,  CAN YOU REPEAT THAT ‘  JOOS -CLaRK Tem 
 
VIOLETS'ARE BL  MUELLER|HAS NOTHING  AND  KNOW, THATIES TRUE  — 
 
Michael Tracey @  @  @mtracey  Come) »  The pro-Mueller ralliers in Times Square  have distributed this songbook. They are  currently leading a mass singalong.  Please read these lyrics  PM - 4 Apr 2019  iRRetweets a7lkes OEQ OOOO 
 
Maste x  NOT EXONERATED  FOR PRODUCING  SEMI-AUTOMATIC  WEAPONS OF  DEMOSTIC  TERRORISM 
 
=  Na  ale.  “  eeoeee  eevee  “,  FUCK flyover countr  .  election night tweet from New York City  ~  Patriots have PRIDE.  Patriots have LOVE.  UNITED NOT DIVIDED  Flags out?  Q 3276 
 

 
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY PLATFORM  ty  "|  |  ‘NA  SIN  GLE IMAGE 
 
x weK kK Kk *  Vee, Ee  ‘Ok > * ee  1s”  x * 
 
Vad  WYN 
 

 
-MFW REDDIT QUARANTINES ME  rd  /  4  $: 
 
“LALMOST—ALMOST—PITY THE  DARKNESS. SO MUCH EFFORT TO REACH US.  ENTIRE RACES OF CREATURES CONSUMED  DEPLOYED MANY LIGHT-YEARS FROM THEIR  WITH A HUNGER FOR THE LIGHT, OR  HOMES. ALL HERE, AT OUR DOORSTEP, WAITING  TO TEAR DOWN WHAT WE HAVE BUILT.” - ZAVALA  THIS IDEA IS UNDER  QUARANTINE  WHETHER WE WANTED  ITOR NOT, WE'VE STEPPED  INTO A MEME WAR WITH THE  DNC ON THE INTERNET. SO  LET'S GET TO TAKING OUT  THEIR CANDIDATES, ONE BY ONE. 
 

 
=  Cea  mn ©  SIGN  Q Search Red  us  |  No THANK FOU 
 
PX  \  /  YOU CAN BE DAMN SURE WE'LL AVENGE IT  IF WE CAN(TSAVEQTHE DONALD, 
 

 
OH NO HE DIDNT (reddit  ‘submined 1 day ogo by Whur  ‘SSzcommenta save hide report  |  Carlos Maza @ @gaywonk - 18h  Reddit claims to have an explicit policy against calls to violence.  I's shut down subreddits before.  ‘So why hasn't it dane anything about the “The_Donald,” the largest pro-Trump:  subreddit, which is littered with calls to violence?  A pro-Trump subreddit is full of calls for violence ...  A pro-Trump subreddit is full of calls for violence in  support of Oregon Republicans  mediamatters.org  Ou  tl «6  om  fi)  sorted by: top -v  4 Hlredpiiobeter 1 pont 1 day 200  WO Were next.  permalink save edit disable inbox seplies delete reply 
 

 
HI FOLKS, BERNIE SANDERS HERE FOR LIFE ALERT  ee a  fo  }  af  F  ——  | HAD FALLEN, BUT | DID GET UP THANKS TO LIFE ALERT!  AND NOW THOSE SHOWER DOOR BASTARDS ARE GONNA PAY! 
 
ADMITS HEIS A MILLIONAIRE THANKS TO CAPITALISM  ~*  STILL WON'T BUY A COMB 
 
NOT ONLY WILL! REWEAL IF ALIENS EXIST  THEIR FREE RIDE IS OVER  AND THEY WILL BE TAXED AT 70% 
 
THE LEFT  FAILED IDEAS THAT HAVE NEWER WORKED  PUSHED BY  FAILED PEOPLE THAT HAVE NEVER WORKED 
 
GET WELL SO°N  7  NADS - 
 
THAT FACE WHEN YOUR HEARING RUNS LONG  —_———D  _  AND THEN YOU FIND OUT THE CAFETERIA SOLD OUT OF  CHOCOLATE PUDDING AGAIN 
 
ri  // 
 
FUN FACT: vou om MEASURE GOWT THREATS  &.  “Ny  24  “CONSTITUTIONAL  CRISIS  SEVERE  =  HIGH  i "Zo  poo  ELEVATED  GUARDED  LOW  BY WHERE JERRY NADLER WEARS HIS BELT ON  ANY GIWEN DAY 
 
PROPER APPLIGATION  OF THE LAW DICTATES THAT  THERE WAS HO PROSEGUTABLE  COLLUSION OR OBSTRUCTION.  ~  4  wy  r 
 
SUPER BRANCH EOWERS ACTIVATE!  a  ~  SHAPE OF  RIDICULOUS  TREASONOUS  SFORM OF  y BULLSHIT  or  OBSTRUCTION 
 
SUPER BRANCH EOWERS ACTIVATE!  ~  SHAPE OF  RIDICULOUS  TREASONOUS  SFORM OF  Z / BULLSHIT  ey  OBSTRUCTION 
 

 
LOLY  ORI | Ki  Vr I  °ROMN  —  S=  =  —S  ————S 
 
1 dead, several injured in Colorado  school shooting — live updates  1  f ¥ G  a  ans  ina 
 
ANTIQUE ROADSHOW 2024  -  SECOND GREAT MEME WAR. CONFIRMED. 
 
E>,  “AN  He  ors  gy  eu SN  yout  cen  spinon 
 
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY PLATFORM  ty  "|  |  ‘NA  SIN  GLE IMAGE 
 
Truth is, she was  actually that far  from being first  lady.......  ‘  x.  ‘ 
 
@  E  >|  eee  ~—_ 
 

 
Google paut joseph watson youtube channel  Q An Gy Videos Bl News  B tages  @ Shopping  E More  ‘Settings  Toots  ‘About 10,400,000 results (0.67 seconds)  Paul Joseph Watson Spreads Fear. London is Not a ****** - YouTube  hittps:/Awww.youtube.comwatchv=JENz0_9wOnt  dul 9, 2019 - Uploaded by BastiViki  Paul Joseph Watson is wrong. ... There are a mimber of American channels  me  2  that point out these same things  MY IMPRESSION- Paut Joseph Watson - YouTube  https: waw youtube. comiwatchy-KhS69eyoGy  dum 10, 2019 - Get tickets to my NEW LIVE SHOW hitps://www facebook.comy/pgikriendiyjordies!  ‘events/ MAROOCHYDORE (JUN 19) TOOWOOMBA (JUN 20)  Alex Jones, Milo Yiannopoulos, Paul Joseph Watson and  - YouTube  hits: twee youtube. commaich?v=KiaanQzma7E  um 2, 2019 - Uploaded by Gulldog Mindset  ‘Alex Jones, Milo Yiannopoios, Paul Joseph Watson and Others  Tate  18:10  speech’, THEN youl have to  Paul Joseph Watson - Wikipedia  hittps:/fen. wikipedia. org/wikiPaul_Joseph_Watson +  Paul Joseph Watson is an English YouTube personality, racko host, writer and conspiracy ... Since  2011, Watson has hosted his own YouTube channel, prisonptanetive, fom which he expresses his  ews on topics such as contemporary  Total views: 390 milton  Years active: 2011-present {as a YouTuber)  Residence: London, Engand Subscribers: 1.67 miton  When you search "paul joseph watson youtube channel" on Google tt  Iittps:fwerw. reddit. com..cqhikatwhen_you_search_paul_joseph_waison_youtube/ +  2 days ago - This sub is dedicated to promoting ethics in journalism, and oppasing censorship and  political correctness.  Paul Joseph Watson - RationalWiki  hittps:/frationatwikiorgtwikzPaul_Joseph_Watson ¥  ‘Aug 2, 2019 - Paul Joseph Watson (PJW of Pyjama Watso) is an at-ite Engish ... As of May 8,  2019, his YouTube channel has 1.6 miion subscribers and  Paut Joseph Watson - IMDb 
 
PO  ATs 
 
THE_BONALD'S  BEN MOTEER  TAM  ade  tay  Fe  a  =—-  =~  ==  \Maliants ~ Medi Blackout | Neon Nettle  Dozens of Christians Slaughtered By Muslim  Why did @Disney rehire this pervert?  tend  toa cai  patria Onno ro  (Coping ame a es cs wo mn a  eal Reet pect eto te a  Prmeenecinnt  hen sree  Hee teere se ee  Saree ree 
 
THANKS THESDONALD  FOR PROVING COPS:  LIVES DO MATTER 
 
Wayfai;  tan we get some hes  Fi over here r/The_Donald 
 
t  f  fs .*  & 
 
MAKE AMER] CA  G EAT AGAIN  tak  xa f  ty  VV 
 
MARE sir pie 1  WARE Urppai¢ 1  GREAT AC Aay  CREA AG ay  ID  VV  LV  KEEP ter icy  KELP Une 4  GREY  GRE  ID  VV  LV 
 
@w reddit  ancl  ith  suet  ated  i  up  TF SH  Get Reddit Premium  The_Donald  (RED 769,923 readers  BON iM © 258,551 users here now  Show my flair on this suly  It looks like:  for  lordniget (eats  Oe  OME  769,959 readers  lim  © 389,144 users here now  Welcome to the forum of choice for The  President of The United States, Donald  ‘Shew mylar an this subreddit ft leele  YuuuuugeMushroemCeck [  (eit  Trump!  Be advised this forum is for serious  Welcome to the forum of choice for The President  supporters of President Trump. We have  of The United States, Donald Trump!  discussions, memes, AMAs, and more. We  Be advised this forum is for serious supporters of  are not politically correct. Please read and  President Trump. We have discussions, memes,  respect our rules below before contributing}  AMAs, and more. We are not politically correct.  Please read and respect our rules below before 
 
=  Cea  mn ©  SIGN  Q Search Red  us  |  No THANK FOU 
 
SMOLLETIS  ANIIDIOT!  ITS SAD,THAT;  ITPROBABLY,  WOULD BE A GOOD  WAY,TO GET: A RAISE  THE PHRASEIS  USED TO IGNORE  THE OBVIOUS TRUME  DERANGEMENT SYNDROME  MISA  COVER: UP,STRAIGHT,  SPARTY. AND KAMALA  — 
 
Vy  r/The_Donald 
 
SM SHOULD  corr’  RATIO  BE TRU  evil  ie, WORLY  grR0Yt!  Y  L  om  JE -CLAR TOA 
 

 

 
Posted by u/FionaAtWork 222 Sac IaeD 12 hours ago  Dog scared.of men - ahd my trans wife  Tkpovethere Isa. dog teaining'sub; but Tdprft want to getjnto trays stuff ine sub  that Isn't far trahsrqueer people,  My wife and I have had our tog far years, Foc 2.5.of those years, my wife still  ideritified.as male. Gur dog hax always been.a /itHe-bit-scared of rnen, and  strongly préfetfed affection froth worttah, My wife has béen on HRT for 5 iidnths.  now. This moiriing she-was very depressed and crying, She sald-she was upset  ‘over several things, but Gneof the things she inelitioned was the tiog being  afraid of her, We know the dog ts aftaitof men, so tHe dog deing stated of my  wife is invalidating.  Wé adore olsreag afid rehoming Het Is idk art optinh we will consider, What  makesa dog identifymy wife as "male"? Is Jt.a scent thiug?. Will thar change.as  herhormenes stabilize? Has-atiyone else gone through this? How did you make te  better? Thank you for your advice in adyarice: 
 
‘To ather pout op girs out there, dowa thes look normal far about 10 days post  ep ?{worriad) NSFW oer)  subided I chy ago by Give These  -  —  Everything is sit super swollen, but fm realy worried about how gaping this  fooks(maybe ripped stitches?). Has anyone had similar looking results at any point  in your recovery and still ended up with decent looking results? Any encouragement  ‘would be appreciated.  NSFW  __  NePa Zewencs star sae hide rpet 
 

 

 
I  iil  whi  tt  an  a  -  a  cyt tte  STV  “ry  ee  wv  ii 
 
etl on  WW Ve FM  oe  What do you do to handle pregnancy  dysphoria? (mtf)  I'm questioning at the moment, carrying children is  something I've always kinda wanted to do, One  because you're making a fucking person and that's  awesome, Two because I've always respected my mom  (even though she's kinda transphobic), Three  because  lfindpreggowomenkindahot...  ‘sorry, Finally because  it's a thing that is commonly associated with being a  woman (Sorry if this offends trans men, I'm new to all  this). I'm just wondering if there are ways that you  peeps deal with it. I've seen fake bellies online so |  assume some people must have done something with  that.  One last thing, is real pregnancy ever going to be an  option for trans women? I'm 15 now, say | do transition  and want to have kids in my 30's what are the odd  things will have progressed to that point? I've heard  about uterine transplant in Cis women and male rats,  but nothing about trans women besides "keep your  hopes up".  Edit: my main question is still how do you deal with  dysphoria generated by the fact you can't be pregnant  ees  m4  it; Share  © Award  Ce 
 
OLIVIA HILL  ha  4H  press  "1  Di + Gem Aa  Rapping hs gs  {ve apa. han dg etc ae connec wa tat  sowed fora wage.  9  a  oy  _  UF +L  Snedinae  Cyberpunk 2077%s a dystopia because 58  yeats have passed énd boring white men  aren't extinct yet.  wena sun ms  Hakone 1M  on  ne  om  al  \<._  rr  “Explaining to our children about transgender  stuff would be so. hard!”  Fucker please. I came out as trans to my kids  eo) -  Tgot 3 "cool, we cain go through puberty  os"  together” and 27 hope you Fave fun Iving  You're talking to a transgender transhumanist  asa  T's actually ridiculousty simple if  you Sint ries bigots,  in Tokyo, who has conducted over 100 bodily  era miea  modifications on hersalf. Who does  programming for a living between arganizing  for sac  ist and anarchist groups. Please,  carn pone with mayo, tell me how I don't get  the cyberpunk genre,  roa  tum wit OOOCCCCO  ow  ne  on 
 
ue 
 
| can't take it. I've always been SUPER jealous of cis  wormen who like other cis women. It makes my blood  boil. Ever since | was in middle school I've always felt  threatened by cis women who date other women. | feel  like I'll never be a part of a loving lesbian relationship. |  feel gross when I'm with a woman in my current pre hrt  body.  | can't stand these feelings of intense jealousy and  sadness | want to cry but | can't because T... It’s like a  lesbian relationship is something | will never enjoy. 
 
13  +  My early years were ruined and th ‘re never corning back quam  submitted 3 months ago by  lgas  ion. 18 | HAT E-8-78)  I'm distraught at the fact. that I never got to present female growing up, and that all the female rites of  passage I missed are completely gone, and so js being treated like my correct gender while growing up  I really like that mischief I used to get into. with my friends in grade school, I Kinda liked some parts of the  experiences of being a kid (knowing that I never had to pay for anything, plan very much, and it would take  A LOT to get mé anywhere near expelled, which would give me the leeway to fuck around a bit), but the sad  thing is, I wasn’t a girl throughout all of it. 1 would kill to be able to go through grade school again, I’d  Strangle my fuckin  to death if it meant that I get to redo childhood from start to finish, but bein  treated as.a_ girl  People always say to live in the present, but that’s not easy, My present is bleak and boring, no school, ne  work, no trarisporation, né family, ho car, just nothingness and a computer. I will Rever bé.a kid again, I wil  never get to be a high school girl, No one will ever cengratulate me for coming out, no one will cheer me on  when. 1 come out. Childhood is an uriforgéttable experience, and If you don’t have it, you're left scarred for  life. Trying to build myself a happy life is hard without me growing up as a girl, it’s like trying to build a house  ona broken foundation that. covers half the space, the house is gonna fucking fall apart  I’m not sure if there’s some sort of experimental therapy that can deal with this, but na one has been able to  do anything that helps. I’ve had therapy from at least six different therapists, I’vé tried meds, and Ive tried  talking to everyone in my family. Nothing has ever worked  I still feel like shit after all that, and it’s because I lost something that can't be replaced, The golden years. of  y life, me getting to be a little girl, and be a réal loli, and slowly blossom into a young worrart... those are  fucking gone, I'm a husk with ne history, no happy memaries, no emotion but sadness... nothing  College wan't be the same, no dne’s gonna get into mischief in class, we'll have no commmon enemy since we  all aren’t forced to. be there, there will be no carefree, childlike fun, I won’t.have any group of friends, I won't  be able to get into-all my old pranks and stuff... it will be just another reminder of the void in my heart.  Everyone says college will give me the experience I'm craving, but that too, is bullshit; it’s nothing like. how  middle/high school was for me, arid it won’t éver be. They’re as distinct as néon pink and onyx, they’re  nothing alike, and two entirely detached chapters  The only thing that will EVER, EVER change anything is to be able to grew up as:a girl, that’s the only  solutiori. I want to be a kid agatn, I want to experience these things properly, not with my shitty mother  using conversion therapy tactics on me, and not with my family shunning me. I want to be allowed to  experlénce thése things as a-girl, I want to be treated like a girl by my parents instead of being treated like a  boy.  The. moment I took that GED, was the day I sealed my fate and made-sure I'll never get clasuré. No one can  fill this hote in me. Only a time machine would solve it. I just want another chance, and I'd do anything for  one. I wart a solution, I need something. Even if it’s. a severe case of amnesia that makes, me forget the last  18 years of my life, then so be it. I just need a selution other than crying, I feel like shit. I have no desire to:  shower, ail I am is a walking husk that plays vidéo garfies, eats, drinks, sleeps. I’m nothing more. I can’t  even muster the energy to put away the clothes that have been in a suitcase for 3 weeks. I have nothing  Make what you will of this. If you're foolish enough to want to help (or you can’t help it because of your  nature), just know it’s Impossible. If a méntal health professional can’t help. me, there’s nothing that cari 
 
™” 
 

 
‘seth rich  fipsey hussle|  +)  seth nicharde  nipsey hussio  seth richardson  nipsey hussie funeral  seth richarde-shubik  nipsey hussle kide  nipsey hussie lauren london  seth richarde Impius:  nipsey hussie wife  nipsey hussle death:  4  a reaing baeey  nipsey hussle mamortal  Repent heneroysiaie rocco  nipsey hussle brother  nipsey hussie Ive  nipsey hussie steter  omnia | _ bmg eg  \ uppers proctor} 
 
/t/The_Donald  O Cc  HOT  The_Donald  The_Donald  /r{[The_Donald  @thedonaldreddit  ©  Hey, it's The_Donald's 4th Birthday!  Years ago the failing @nytimes said we were running out of  steam. That didn't happen, so they had to Quarantine us!  Still won't work!  8:46 AM : Jun 27, 2019 - Twitter Web Client  20 Retweets  147 Likes  o)  tl  J @jcorrigan22 - 11m  Replying to @thedonaldreddit and @nytimes  Happy Birthday Pedes! No Brakes  7)  vm)  QO 3  fa 
 
HBO  Ine  | 
 
Google  Google  ( Q trump isa  1  Q Bidenis a  Q trump is a horse in a hospital  Google Search  I'm Feeling Lucky  Google Search  I'm Feeling Lucky  Report inappropriate predictions  Google  Google  sanders is a  sanders is a millionaire  ( Q Kamala is a  Q. kamala is a cop  is sanders a democrat  is sanders a registered democrat  Google Search  I'm Feeling Lucky  sanders is the frontrunner  Report inappropriate predictions  bemie sanders is a millionaire  bemie sanders is a democrat  Google Search  Tea Feeling Lucky 
 
WHAT IF THE INSIDERS COMING  TO JAMES O'HEEFE FROM GOOGLE  N  ARE BEING SENT THERE BY GOOGLE 
 
YAHOO! Qrresicentiatalert us on page 1  @ rresicentiatalert.us on page 1 @G DuckDuckGo@ presidentialalert us on page 1  Google  [Page 2 of about 35,100,000 results (0.31 seconds]  )  b presidential alert ao Ss  Google  presidential alert  presidential alert  presidential alert |  presidential alert  Q  Qo ==]  ]  Google  The first FEMA Presidential Alert just hit phones across the US - The ...  What Is the “Presidential Alert” Popup u1  Tuur Phone Today?  an  Videos  News  +  +  images  Maps  ‘Shopping  I  My saves  Web  Images Videos News Maps  Settings +  Q Av GE) Images  © News  DB) Videos = Shopping  + More  ‘Settings  Tools  hittps:wer.theverge.conv... ‘fema-presidentialalert-test-reminder-trump-public-alert.  https: wer. howtogeek conv ...what-is-the-“presidentialalert”-popup-on-your-phone.  Web  Images  Video  News  More ~  Anytime ~  (Oct 3, 2018 - Update 2:38PM ET: The FEMA test Presidential Alert waming successhity out at  Oct 3, 2018 - Your cell phone wil recenve a national alert today, October 3, at around 2:18 pm ET.  k  Q Av GE) Images  © News  ©) Videos © Shopping § More  Tools  3  453,000 Results  Any tine ~  Safe Search: Moderate ¥  2:18PM ET to phones acrass the country, right on schedule. As expected, the alert followed the  was originally named the Personal Localized Alerting Network (PLAN), was later renamed the  AllRegions +  AnyTime >  About 35,100,000 results (0.43 seconds)  existing emergency alert systems on existing smartphones, with the regular tone — although the  ‘Commercial Mobile Alert System (CMAS), and is now fnalty the WEA... EAS: The Emergency Alert  i  Aiso try: presidential alert on cell phone, presidential alert meme  The alert is the first nationwide test of the  ‘System  What to Know About Wednesday's Presidential Alert | Time  Presidential Alert: 7 Things to Know About Today's Trump Text ...  ¥  presidential alert test, FEMA  in an advisory,  What to Know About Wednesday's Presidential Alert | Time  “THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless  Researchers Send Fake Presidential Alerts to Stadium of 50,000 ...  time.comv5400574/presidentialalert-donakd-trump.  ‘i  _  lent to address the nation in the  TT hnps:/time.com/5400574/presidential-nlert-donald-rump-feria/  oe  +  https:vinvestorplace.com > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks +  The Presidential Alert - also known as the integrated Public Alett and Waming System (PAWS) —  which allows the pri  Emergency Alert System. No action is needed," the  bttps:/gzmodo.com/researchers-send-fake-presidential alerts-to-stadium-of- 1835806.  FEMA sends test of ‘Presidential Alert’ system to cellphones of  ions ..  is anew take on the country's existing emergency waming systems.  event of a national emergency. Using the Wireless  ‘The Presidential Alert - also known as the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System  “presidential alert,” managed by the Federal  Jun 24, 2019 - Researchers figured out a way to exploit the system that sends presidential emergency https:/Avenw. nbcnews. con... fema-senis-test-presidentiatalert-system-celiphones mil  +  Oct 3, 2018 - A presidential alert is being sent to most cellphones across the U.S. today at 2:18 p.m.  :  EDT. The goal is to see # we all get the Trump text.  Emergency Alert (WEA) system, anyone with cell service  (IPAWS) - is » new take on the country's existing emergency warning systems.  Emergency Management Agency, appeared on  alerts to our phones, simulating their method on a 50,000 seat football stadium in Colorado with 290 Oct 3, 2018 - Mitions of cellphones across the U.S. buzzed at 2:18 p.m. ET on Wednesday in the frst  Feel-Good results for presidential alert  should receive the message to their phone. sep 152018  Page 1?  ‘smartphones at 2:18 p.m. EDT. The aim of the alert  =  percent success rate. Researchers at the University of Colorado Boulder published a paper  test of the new “Presidential Alert” wireless waming system.  Ke was soon followed by a more  familar test — the Emergency Alert System test on televisions and radios. ... FEMA sent the alert as  Presidential Alert - National Wireless Emergency Alert  The IPAWS National Test | FEMA.gov  is to wam Americans about national emergencies,  the  FEMA to send its first ‘Presidential Alert’ in emergency messaging s...  and it works like weather or Amber alerts. oc 3, 2018  Emergency presidential alert texts could be faked, researchers say ...  presidentialalert.us!  lecharunch. com2018/09/15ifema-to-send.#s Sst presidentiat alert m-emergency-messagmng-syste  ® hnps:werwfemp.goviemergency-slert-test  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018. THIS IS A TEST of  https:zwew.crel.cony.. emergency-presidentiatalerts-could-be-faked-cu-boulder-res.  +  WV)  Some cell phones will not receive the test message, and cell phones should only receive  the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Action is  fete anower nei? Mgt  the message once. The WEA test message will have a header that reads “Presidential  Presidential alert: Twitter reacts to Donald Trump, FEMA test alert  Jun 20, 2019- US presidential alerts sent out as nationwide emergency text messages coukl be  Opt out of FEMA presidential alerts? You can't, and here's why that’s  ittps: www. usaloday.comistory/news/politics/...presksentialalert’1513317002/  vulnerable to hacks, according to researchers at the University of Colorado Boulder. .. Wireless  https: wens. fastcompany.cony../opt-out-oF fema- presidential alerts-you-cant-and-her.  +  Alert" and text that says: “THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert  ‘Yohoo News  HSN News  ‘Yohoo News  Emergency Alerts (WEA) are geographically targeted messages that alert mobile users in the US  (Oct 3, 2018 - The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has been teling us for a while now  PEOPLE ALSO ASK  ‘System. No action is needed"  @ Avoutreatured Snippets MP Feedback  about missing  that it plans to conduct a national test of the Wireless Emergency Alerts (WEA), specifcalty the  ‘Saturday Night Live’  Nicklaus congratulates  ‘The Netflix Movies To  Get Excited For in 2019  “Presidential Alerts” that are part of the established WEA system.  Unlike President Donald  ‘Spools Presidential  Tiger for receiving  What to know about Wednesday's presidential alert?  Trump's  Alert (Watch)  Presidential Medal of  Presidential Alert - National Wireless Emergency Alert  ‘Presidential Alert’ Goes to Millions of Cellphones Across the U.S. ...  Freedom  People also ask  What could the Presidential alert be used for?  © presidentialalert us  https: wens. nytimes, com/2018/10/03/us/presksentiatalert-trump. him!  Oct 3, 2018 - At 2:18 p.m. Eastem on Wednesday, cellphones across the United States emitted the  Trump Is About To Send His First "Presidential Alert" Right To Your ...  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018 THIS IS A  What is a Presidential Emergency Alert?  What is a national emergency alert?  TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Action is needed.  ‘ominous ring of an emergency presidential alert,  https: wens. buzzfeednews.comy.../trump-is-about-to-send-his-firstemergency-preside.  +  The IPAWS National Test | FEMA.gov  SA  Has there ever been a presidential Alert?  Oct 2, 2018 - The Federal Emergency Management Agency will test the new system, which alows  wow. fema goviemergency-alerLtest v  What is IPAWS alerts?  Presidential Alert - xkcd  Trump to send a message to every phone in the US.  ‘Some cell phones wil nok recene the test message, and cell phonies should only recehe the  bttps:tixkcd.com/1435/ +  message once. The WEA test message wi have a header that reads “Presidential Alert” and text  How does the presidential alert work?  that says: THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No action is needed.”  What to Know About Wednesday's Presidential Alert |  e  Presidential Alert. |< - < Prey - Random - Next > - >|. Permanent link to this comic: hitps:fixked.com  What Is a Presidential Alert? FEMA's Wireless Emergency Text ...  hips :fiime.com#400574ipresidential-alert-donaid-sump-fema ~  (Oct 03, 2018 - The Presidential Alert — also Inown as tre integrated Pubic Alert and Waring  What is a presidential alert on cell phone?  1435/ Image URL (for hotinkingfembedding)  bitps:/nmw.newsweek.com > U.S. > FEMA > Twitter > Trump > Wireless ¥  (Oct 3, 2018 - President Donald Trump's frst-ever Presidential Alert went out Wednesday atemoon,  Presidential Alert - National Wireless Emergency Alert  ‘system (PAWS) — is anew take on the country's existing emergency waming systems.  presidentialalert.us »  Wireless Emergency Alerts - Wikipedia  and those who werent expecting i found themsehes  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018 TS IS A TEST.  ofthe National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No Action is needed.  The IPAWS National Test | FEMA.gov  hitps://en wikipedia. orgiwikiWireless_Emergency_Alerts +  hitps terere fema.oviemesgency-alerttest  Presidential alert: Twitter reacts to Donald Trump, FEMA test alert  The  Wireless Emergency Aletts is an alerting network in the United States designed to disseminate  #presidentialalert hashtag on Twitter  ‘Some cell phones wit notrecefve the test message, and ceN phones should ontyrecewve the  ittps: www. usaloday.comistory/news/politics/...presksentialalert’1513317002/  fist national test of a mandatory Presidential alert was held on October 3, 2018 at 2:18 PM EDT as  hittps://twitter. com/hashtag/preskientialalert?iang-en *  message once. The WEA test message wil have a header that reads “Presidential Alert” andtext  Oct 3, 2018 - “THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No action is  patt of a national periodic test (NPT) of  The damn president waning us?! Burhouse about to get ran up! fm Teling yal Bumhouse the one and  tat says: THISIS A TEST of he Nalional Wireless Emergency Alert System, No adion is needed”  needed,” the “presidential alert,” managed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, appeared  ‘only move on a Thursday and we are all the way up for  Wweless Emergency Alerts - Contac Us - Best Practices  on smartphones at 2:18 p.m. EDT. The aim of the alert is to wam Americans about national  ‘emergencies, and it works ike weather or Amber alerts,  Researchers Sent a Fake, Unblockable Presidential Alert to a Stadium ...  Presidential Alert - National  bttps:/Awmw.digitaltrends.com/mobile/fake-unblockable-presidentialalert-stadium’ ¥  less Emergency Alert  PresidentialalerLus +  Jun 24, 2019 - A group of researchers was able to successfully send out fake, unblockable  Presidential Wireless Alert System. Alert History. Wednesday October 3rd, 2018 THISIS A TEST of  presidential alerts to phones in a 50000-seat football stadium,  0  rie Natonal Wireless Emergency Alert System, No Adon is needed. Opt Out of Preston  re  fm  F  bes  bo  9  o  "  P  re 
 
HBO 
 
"eo  Ines  ood  Chit Technet  at  pong 
 
“BO  “Ina  cried  Chief Technology Corresponac 
 
TRUST US  WE KNOW WHAT'S  BEST FOR YOU 
 
Pa  |  PA  altel  . 
 
y  “s  POLICE \  a  i  POLIC” \  OPEN: UP, "WE'RE FROM”  POLICE  HUMAN RESOURCES ” 
 

 
PRO-CHOICE  PRO-LIFE  WHAT RACE  IS It? 
 

 
This is my daughter.  Her rights  are HUMAN RIGHTS. 
 
Sbertion ls WURSER.  Z 
 

 
an  Sales on aaa  aes  aes  ~.  =  ete ee ee ee  ae ers gee  =  TR I OS ee ee  tomy  iors  ir  =  ae  Ex  oo  a  ai  Sa  rN  ae  See  cf  el  Qe ee ee ee  _  a  (a  Sec  Zz  —  =>  sy  at  oa  vam  —  as  ee ee  Se Ne  Oia ers;  wae  ae  oT  >  ss  wares  =  o—  Sa er er re  rer  Porn es  .  =a  ~  a  *  <<  we  —  a  ee,  Ay  <a  i  Pe aes tea  a a  ere  we  ao  a  SATA  Fe  Pare  Fry  peta  eer  Sars  caw  =T  v=  Sara  =e  Con  are  SS  —-.  ess  a  ee  oe  Se nee  oe  nana  *  a  Tr ON  man  Ex  a  SoS  ie  =  owt  con  TN  a  Boer  a5  =  Z  ==>  EP  ee  =  iy  Semon an eee na /eatees Wee ct  ZR  a ae  ors  =e  oe)  af  Seraciia  a  Tidal  Auto  a  See hote  rw  <7  Palrd  ae  on  as  ares  OF  5  =!  a ae  REPS  age re:  =  3) wow Con ee  oe eres  Me  Pe  nS RS  a  arKs  oo  re  [EG  —  a  _:  ee  as  ed  —e  mee  %  ae  Con  225  maria  SEP  ra  So  "  ror  =  mz  ee  ae eee  cory  oe  =  “—e  ON  —  x4  —  x  oe  a.  =  Se  rT  Se  ai nmaens  as  =  =>  =.  mi  27  Ss  =.  ory  Sete  if  re  As  —-  Se  Px  =  a  Se ee ee  as  eos  a  eee  v=  =  =  <i  _  =A  aa  EN  ay at TE  eee  aes  PeETy es  fe  Aor A  x  9  ttt  aD ey  --  --  Se  paranens  --  er  AK  g  » ata een Oe  —  Sa  a  ae  —  ae  ane  2a  ee  —  Feed #  =  en ee  aay  wy.  ey See  a  hay  -_—.-  —- +  =  Ore ae  a  te op  ——  wee ee  a  wae  ne  Mir  Figs  ~---—-  vf  oat  [a  =  Zen  wae  sayy  MRE  ™  7  -  ny fs  4  he  rr  en  —— re  eo  =  aoe  a  we Soe  Sa ee  Ye  —  f  FaPtd  oe  ay  ond  ans  ad  a  En  ¢  a a tater ean  =  x  yas  Bes  oa  aed  ceed Ba  =  =  Gt PR rd  a  yi  Poe  ree  45  ba  Seg  “+  pee  Bp  &  a  ia  a:  “  at  Frc)  (x  Yom #  a  Pak  ce  &  oe  oe  ae  oa  on  a  ‘a  Lae  ad  tee eee  ay  «fs  te  rat 
 
SHAUN KING’S  FAMILY  4  FATHER  MOTHER  BROTHER  =  WIKIPEDIA ON  Tweets,  Following  Followers  Likes  Lists  83.2K  13K  1.12M  135K  2  “BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY”  @ |  Tweets  Tweets & re  lies  Media  IT IS GENERALLY  Pinned Tweet  CONSIDERED TO LEAVE OPEN  Shaun King @ @shaunking - Jun 29  ALL AVAILABLE TACTICS FOR  History has taught us that concentration camps should be liberated.  @  THE DESIRED ENDS, INCLUDING  VIOLENCE  We cannot & should not wait until 2020, w/ the hope that we defeat Trump, to  free these children,  We should liberate them NOW - by any means necessary.  My latest for @Thelntercept.  Tweet to Shaun King  -——  =  -——  = 
 
ANTIFA CAN'T BE FASCIST,  THAT'S WHY THEY CALLIT “ANTI” FASCISM  HITLER CALLED HIMSELF A SOCIALIST  AND HIS PARTY “SOGIALST WORKER"  DON'T FASCISTS LIE IN ORDER  TO WIN PUBLIC APPROVAL? 
 
=  =  =  She New York Simes  Opinion  Hate Crime: Gay  mi  ant receives  brain damage from  far-left, domestic  terrorist group  Antifa  There's a reason hate crimes are such a draw for leftist  terrorism: Gay Pride Month.  By Maggie Haberman  Yes. Haberman is an assistant professor of cultural subversion and does contract work for  the CIA overthrowing soverign nations.  june 29, 2019  eee0  GB  PRIDE MONTH  Getty images/istockphoto  Let’s get one thing out of the way: the Muslim refugee shooter, himself  killing 50 worshipers in the Gay Pulse Night Club in Orlando, FL, in  2016 was not being serious when he wrote "Pride Month 4-ever."  Rather, with this statement, the killer was imitating the radical alt-left,  a mainstream far-left wing of the DNC that focuses on a regressive  return to "fundamentalist, simpler times.” When humans had no  conception of "human rights" and were instead voiceless and powerless  to be ruled as surfs under an unquestioned global elite class. Thi  section of the manifesto is referred to as “trolling” or as “bait” — and it  is both of those things, certainly.  And yet as a scholar of cultural subversion and a professional at  disempowering swaths of proles to enrich and empower my globalist  masters, I do want to talk about the rise of LGBT Hate Crimes. Because  I think it plays a special role as a vector for spreading the messages of  leftist terrorist ideology, which shares ideological fascism akin to those  of ISIS. Where gays can be tossed off of rooftops to purify their spirit.  Where historical artifacts are destroyed because they do not fit their  revisionist narrative. Disempowering people by beating them,  censoring them, silencing them, intimidating them, and subverting  democracy and even nations themselves--often through invasion. One  of their favorite strategies is to import millions of foreigners and tell  the local yokels to, "go fuck themselves.” Leftist terrorists find that  particularly “empowering.” That lead to violence. And I think it’s a  conversation that we can have without taking the bait — because this is  not about the content of the leftist ideology themselves but about the  way the culture that surrounds leftism provides particularly fertile soil  for sowing the seeds of resentment that grow into hate.  Modern university-based recruitment efforts are designed around the  creation of a frictionless pipeline that slowly inoculates potential  converts to hate — like putting a bunch of would-be diversity  proponents in a slowly boiling pot.  Rather than waiting for targets to find them, recruiters go to where  targets are, staging seemingly casual conversations about issues of race  and identity in spaces where lots of disaffected, vulnerable adolescent  minority women tend to hang out. Those who exhibit curiosity about  intersectional feminist talking points or express frustration with the  alt-left’s ideological opponents such as traditional families, freedom of  speech, right to bear arms, and a government that enforces  immigration law activists and “normal white people” are then escorted  through a funnel of increasingly terrorist rhetoric designed to  normalize the presence of leftist terrorist ideology, cultural subversion  and paraphernalia through the use of edgy humor and memes.  Of course, all of this came to a head this past week when leftist  terrorists of the group Antifa could not contain their jizz at the sight of  a minority gay man, a journalist, covering protest events. Antifa is a  globohomo terrorist organization sponsored by other far-left groups in  a loose coalition of nation subverting faggots. Foreign election  meddling occurs when foreign nation states such as Germany, the  ideological rhineland of Antifa, funds and trains domestic terrorists to  infiltrate other sovereign nations and violate their fundamental  principles such as: the right to free speech, and the right to bear arms.  They also seek foreign election meddling to provide votes to foreign  invaders because "citizens" have no rights in the far-left, bizarro clown  world. Honk  Tensions came to a head when Andy Ngo, the gay journalist, who is a  migrant, was beat in the head during Pride Month in Oregon as a  particular affront to human rights. One interviewed Antifa terrorist  stated, “fuck that chink, he's a twink" As he smashed his skull with  concrete and gave poor Andy a brain hemmorage. Andy will now live  his life as a crippled gay minority, but that's okay because the hate is  done under the guise of progress.  The attack occured within inches of Oregon Police, who said, "we don't  intervene, that's not our job.” When pressed what their job was, they  stated, “The mayor tells us to stand down so that the CIA led op of  Antifa terrorists can operate with impunity to bring about their  globohomo version of globalist elite empowerment.” The mayor said,  "yeah fuck citizens, illegals have my vote. I don't work for citizens, I  work for those that pad my coffers. Mostly Chinese foreign  investments, but yeah." He stated what while he “felt bad" for Andy,  that it’s a small price to pay for freedom. He stated he was looking  forward to the new cultural revolution, like in Tianamen Square where  jple fighting for rights can be run over into paste by military tanks  all in the name of “progress.”  In posts in the “terrorism” section of the explicitly far-left globalist  message board r/Politics, r/News, and r/WorldNews, participants  circlejerk amongst themselves, mostly sock-puppet accounts, AI bots,  and chinese bloggers in a state run operation to subvert the mind. Ina  hilarious twist, CIA, Chinese intel, Mossad, and the FBI all hurl epitets  at each other pretending to be normal people. The random normie that  walks into that cesspool of mindless brainwashing often has their mind  dissolved by the leftist mind virus within moments.  People with this type of ideology have also taken to creating leftist  terrorist games of their own, like "polar bear hunting” and the “knock  out game" either by creating explicitly neo-Marxist-Communist-  themed modifications of popular titles like Star Wars and Netflix. A few  standouts in the indie category include titles like Ethnic Cleansing,  which allows gamers to play as a fat low-t soi boi Antifa skinhead, and  Muslim Massacre: The Game of Modern Religious Genocide, which  encouraged players to “take control of the DNC and wipe out the white  race.”  Maggie Haberman is an assistant professor of cultural subversion at Columbia  University in New York and the author of "Alt-Left: Anti-human rights regressives who  are fascist authoritarian globalist cock suckers.”  The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We'd like to  hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s  our email: letters@nytimes.com.  Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion)  and Instagram. 
 
&  r  am  \ Ye.  y  vv 
 
_  Ren |  aN  A.  Ce  Cc ¢  a)  ‘“  a)  Seiad  ~~  conte 
 
7,  ‘  — wee 4  <a  Pi  =  a>,  JRTLAND  E ANARCHY  os  E BEATINGS 
 
Y GD -  C_ eon)  Vv  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao « Aug 12  ©  White people are shooting up mosques.  White people are shooting up synagogues.  White people are shooting up gurdwaras.  White people are shooting up schools.  White people are shooting Black children.  White people are shooting brown children.  © 6.3K  TI 2.8K  QO 8.2K  Ly  *  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao - Aug 12  Vv  ©  White people are shooting Black and brown  adults.  White people are calling the police on Black  people for sitting, standing, breathing.  Police murder Black people for sitting,  standing, breathing.  White America has caged Black and brown  people in concentration camps.  t  © 357  tT 240  QO 733  Ld  Vv  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao - Aug 12  White people are killing us.  Whiteness is killing us.  Yet white people get upset when called white  people. Facebook puts us in jail for using the  term white people. White people,  conservatives, liberals, Democrats,  Republicans, rich, poor, private sector, public  sector,  t  QO 364  TI 218  Q 701  Ld  Vv  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao « Aug 12  religious, agnostic, atheist, Brooklyn, Atlanta,  Mississippi, Denver, San Francisco, North  Dakota continue to steal from us, speak over  us, speak for us, throw us under the bus,  ghost us, talk smack about us.  Whiteness -- ALL WHITENESS -- is killing us.  © 318  Tl 157  QO 628  Ld  *  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao - Aug 12  Vv  ©  Make a banner about Ending Whiteness.  March Against Whiteness. Rally Against  Whiteness. Raise your megaphone Against  Whiteness. Take to the streets Against  Whiteness.  Until and unless we eradicate toxic  whiteness, the violence will never stop.  t  QO 3.1K  Td 294  QO 759  Ld 
 
14 - [+2]Independent -3 points an hour ago* (last edited 1 hour ago)  ¥ Just so we're clear, we're equating physical violence with Trump's rhetoric? We're equating non-perceivable changes to  the press with brain bleeding?  Gee - I wonder why so many people find it hard to relate to you guys.  Edit 1: Look up and down this thread at the high and mighty moral left VICTIM BLAMING an asian gay conservative's  attempts to exercise his rights. You have no fucking moral high ground. You're all just as blinded by your political  ideologies and "teams" as Trumpkins.  Words will never hurt you.  permalink source embed save save-RES parent report give award reply hide child comments  [1 @ RE cect tiertarion 1 point 51 minutes apo  Andy Ngo walked into the group of Antifa and if they perceived him as a threat, they beat him up. (this is not the first  time he's done this btw)  there were multiple fights happening, including the patriot prayer/proud boys launching into Antifa with a metal baton  rod, and again they beat the man up. but for some reason Andy is the victim here?  he went looking for trouble, and they didn't just see him and randomly attacked him, he was walking towards them ,  and if they saw that as a threat, wouldn't it make sense for them to defend themselves?  btw there was no Cement in the milkshakes which is a lie that the right has spread far and wide, other people who got  milkshaked confirmed that.  and yes Trump rhetoric is important, as Antifa aren't telling people to attack Joumalists, they protect Joumalists.  permalink soarce embed save save-RES parent report give award reply hide child comments  [a 4 IiateHangovers Republican 1 point 30 minutes ago* (last edited 25 minutes ago)  ¥ He was walking away and still getting assaulted.  I see him punched, then he puts his arm up, someone throws and hits him with something, some guy defends him,  more people with some type of wannabe Mortal Kombat kicks, another antifa guy shoots him with silly string, then a  milkshake, then an egg, then hit in the back at the end with something else. He’s already walking away. His hands are  up. This is not self defense. There is no claim to that here. He CLEARLY is in a defensive position and is walking away,  yet still being assaulted from behind.  This is not self defense by any definition  permalink source embed save save-RES parent edit disable inbox replies delete reply hide child comments  [1 4 EEE] eft titertarian 1 point 25 minutes ago  what happens after he walked into them matters very little.  He walked into them, they perceived a threat and they defended themselves. He got his ass beat, walked away, they  said their goodbyes and he went to cry like a bitch, they actually really went easy on him.  and him being Gay or Asian had nothing to do with it. Him being a far right apologist that always goes to these  protests to cause trouble and taunt Antifa has everything to do with it.  permalink source embed save save-RES parent report give award reply hide child comments  [a 4 IHateHtangovers Republican 1 point a minute ago  ¥ (Previous post edited for original/longer video)  What happens after he walked into them matters plenty!  Self defense isn't throwing milkshakes, eggs, garbage, silly string, and whatever else at someone. Self defense is  neutralizing a threat.  Law: a person is justified in using physical force upon another person for self-defense or to defend a third person from  what the person reasonably believes to be the use or imminent use of unlawful physical force, and the person  may use a degree of force which the person reasonably believes to be necessary for the purpose.  That video is perfectly clear that there is no use or imminent use of unlawful physical force by Andy. He's retreating.  This likely is a fourth degree assault  permalink source embed save save-RES parent edit disable inbox replies delete reply 
 

 
if  Ne  f\  a  ii,  Bay  ry iay  am 
 
' (i ny  | U  aale  |||  “ pe |  b}l  y  7 + 4-12  iy  oye  3]  Lv  i  fq)  tj  ONE 0  THE  Follow  MEMBERS COMITTED A  Central OH SRA  @CentralOHSRA  MASS SHOOTING  Protecting the right of the working class to self  defense | @jqugs ip  1 Central OH SRA Retweeted  Central OH SRA @Centr... - Oct 28, 2018  faa Antifa International  Replying to @CentralOHSRA  RF @antifaint!  Solidarity! Group photo to finish up the day  Concept of the day: stochastic  terrorism: "The use of mass public  communication, usually against a  particular individual or group, which  incites or inspires acts of terrorism  which are statistically probable but  happen seemingly at random."  DAYTON SHOOTER / SOCALIST RIFLE CLUB MEMBER 
 
I  iil  whi  tt  an  a  -  a  cyt tte  STV  “ry  ee  wv  ii 
 
OLIVIA HILL  ha  4H  press  "1  Di + Gem Aa  Rapping hs gs  {ve apa. han dg etc ae connec wa tat  sowed fora wage.  9  a  oy  _  UF +L  Snedinae  Cyberpunk 2077%s a dystopia because 58  yeats have passed énd boring white men  aren't extinct yet.  wena sun ms  Hakone 1M  on  ne  om  al  \<._  rr  “Explaining to our children about transgender  stuff would be so. hard!”  Fucker please. I came out as trans to my kids  eo) -  Tgot 3 "cool, we cain go through puberty  os"  together” and 27 hope you Fave fun Iving  You're talking to a transgender transhumanist  asa  T's actually ridiculousty simple if  you Sint ries bigots,  in Tokyo, who has conducted over 100 bodily  era miea  modifications on hersalf. Who does  programming for a living between arganizing  for sac  ist and anarchist groups. Please,  carn pone with mayo, tell me how I don't get  the cyberpunk genre,  roa  tum wit OOOCCCCO  ow  ne  on 
 
ue 
 
DEMOCRAT  2020  ~an  ar  9) 
 
Trash Queen ‘+ @zxox32:1d  Vv  | thought I’d give Tinder a go but honestly, it’s fully put me  off dating.  w 3z Kilometres away  Ihave 3 rules..  Rule 1, | don't want to be step dad so no  kids unless u have Just one @ | want my  OWN thanks  Rules 2, if you date black Boys or think  about It don’t even text me  Rule 3, | don’t want s time waster or  someone who is a bum .. go make your  own money u lazy fucks @  Ihave my own 2 bed flat | bought  | body build  | have a German shepherd  leat a lot  I don’t take shit  a  © 849  12,121  © 23.2K  Ww  oN  Rachel Hawkins @ @ourrachblogs : 2h  Vv  Hahahahaha why has he dropped his fucking trousers like  he's got something we all want to see. Hahahahaha  © 24  Tv  QO 107  Ww  s  clownworld activist, @collusionist3 «2h  And you sucking on a bottle in your avi like anyone wants  to see that  Os  ca)  01  Ww  nn 
 
| can't take it. I've always been SUPER jealous of cis  wormen who like other cis women. It makes my blood  boil. Ever since | was in middle school I've always felt  threatened by cis women who date other women. | feel  like I'll never be a part of a loving lesbian relationship. |  feel gross when I'm with a woman in my current pre hrt  body.  | can't stand these feelings of intense jealousy and  sadness | want to cry but | can't because T... It’s like a  lesbian relationship is something | will never enjoy. 
 
13  +  My early years were ruined and th ‘re never corning back quam  submitted 3 months ago by  lgas  ion. 18 | HAT E-8-78)  I'm distraught at the fact. that I never got to present female growing up, and that all the female rites of  passage I missed are completely gone, and so js being treated like my correct gender while growing up  I really like that mischief I used to get into. with my friends in grade school, I Kinda liked some parts of the  experiences of being a kid (knowing that I never had to pay for anything, plan very much, and it would take  A LOT to get mé anywhere near expelled, which would give me the leeway to fuck around a bit), but the sad  thing is, I wasn’t a girl throughout all of it. 1 would kill to be able to go through grade school again, I’d  Strangle my fuckin  to death if it meant that I get to redo childhood from start to finish, but bein  treated as.a_ girl  People always say to live in the present, but that’s not easy, My present is bleak and boring, no school, ne  work, no trarisporation, né family, ho car, just nothingness and a computer. I will Rever bé.a kid again, I wil  never get to be a high school girl, No one will ever cengratulate me for coming out, no one will cheer me on  when. 1 come out. Childhood is an uriforgéttable experience, and If you don’t have it, you're left scarred for  life. Trying to build myself a happy life is hard without me growing up as a girl, it’s like trying to build a house  ona broken foundation that. covers half the space, the house is gonna fucking fall apart  I’m not sure if there’s some sort of experimental therapy that can deal with this, but na one has been able to  do anything that helps. I’ve had therapy from at least six different therapists, I’vé tried meds, and Ive tried  talking to everyone in my family. Nothing has ever worked  I still feel like shit after all that, and it’s because I lost something that can't be replaced, The golden years. of  y life, me getting to be a little girl, and be a réal loli, and slowly blossom into a young worrart... those are  fucking gone, I'm a husk with ne history, no happy memaries, no emotion but sadness... nothing  College wan't be the same, no dne’s gonna get into mischief in class, we'll have no commmon enemy since we  all aren’t forced to. be there, there will be no carefree, childlike fun, I won’t.have any group of friends, I won't  be able to get into-all my old pranks and stuff... it will be just another reminder of the void in my heart.  Everyone says college will give me the experience I'm craving, but that too, is bullshit; it’s nothing like. how  middle/high school was for me, arid it won’t éver be. They’re as distinct as néon pink and onyx, they’re  nothing alike, and two entirely detached chapters  The only thing that will EVER, EVER change anything is to be able to grew up as:a girl, that’s the only  solutiori. I want to be a kid agatn, I want to experience these things properly, not with my shitty mother  using conversion therapy tactics on me, and not with my family shunning me. I want to be allowed to  experlénce thése things as a-girl, I want to be treated like a girl by my parents instead of being treated like a  boy.  The. moment I took that GED, was the day I sealed my fate and made-sure I'll never get clasuré. No one can  fill this hote in me. Only a time machine would solve it. I just want another chance, and I'd do anything for  one. I wart a solution, I need something. Even if it’s. a severe case of amnesia that makes, me forget the last  18 years of my life, then so be it. I just need a selution other than crying, I feel like shit. I have no desire to:  shower, ail I am is a walking husk that plays vidéo garfies, eats, drinks, sleeps. I’m nothing more. I can’t  even muster the energy to put away the clothes that have been in a suitcase for 3 weeks. I have nothing  Make what you will of this. If you're foolish enough to want to help (or you can’t help it because of your  nature), just know it’s Impossible. If a méntal health professional can’t help. me, there’s nothing that cari 
 
xx.asiaaa.xx Yeah, | really did that @ @  skskssss  You can call it Flu Bell ice cream now  ‘cause | was a lil sick last week @Q@@  Repost yourself doing this with the hashtag  #tinroofchallenge  Let's see if we can start an epidemic (literally)  5h  xx.asiaaa.xx #tinroofchallenge  5h  Reply  allen_james100 U need to get arrested  3h  a  Reply  nix.t.3 | hope you can get arrested (literally) ©  ©  30m_=—s#Reply 
 
SHAUN KING’S  FAMILY  4  FATHER  MOTHER  BROTHER  =  WIKIPEDIA ON  Tweets,  Following  Followers  Likes  Lists  83.2K  13K  1.12M  135K  2  “BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY”  @ |  Tweets  Tweets & re  lies  Media  IT IS GENERALLY  Pinned Tweet  CONSIDERED TO LEAVE OPEN  Shaun King @ @shaunking - Jun 29  ALL AVAILABLE TACTICS FOR  History has taught us that concentration camps should be liberated.  @  THE DESIRED ENDS, INCLUDING  VIOLENCE  We cannot & should not wait until 2020, w/ the hope that we defeat Trump, to  free these children,  We should liberate them NOW - by any means necessary.  My latest for @Thelntercept.  Tweet to Shaun King  -——  =  -——  = 
 
ae  4% 
 
1:42  CES Oi ad 89%  °  Q  e  Where's ICE?  Amen Parham  5.0%  &  1 review  Everyone @  aa  ao  1+  ek  “4.  i a  is  Ne rt  =  a al  t  NAY  « ee  ee  fit f.  or  erage,  BP  i  Where's ICE? "Help illegal Immigrants"  READ MORE  Ratings and reviews  5.0  took tok 
 
Hi, I’m Elijah Cummings. Although I’ve had numerous children with  various women, for years | did not pay child support or even  acknowledge my childrens’ existence.  ary  Now listen as | self-righteously lecture you on the “mistreatment”  of children whose parents have endangered their lives. 
 
Mexican Pride!  Make America Mexico Again!  Viva MEXICO!  OMG nOaeODe!  This is unéair!  back to  Dent send me ta  MEXICO! OMG  you go.  NOOO!  MY LIFE I5 
 
Watching the ICE deportation raids like  ‘elie |  2 '-  ia  4  Ll  x  f- 
 
Pig  Fmd  | 
 
Ocasio-Cortez ‘entertaining’ idea of endorsing 2020 Democratic candidate,  possibly Warren or Sanders 
 
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez @  @  @AOC  This was Philadelphia after an oil refinery exploded this  morning.  So... what's that about how climate change isn't an  existential crisis that will disproportionately impact  working class people & burn its way up?  We need a solution on the scale of the crisis:  #GreenNewDeal @  @ hood's favorite vegan @1nicetownbean - 18h  @6abc @CBSPhilly @FOX29philly Philadelphia energy Solutions Refining Complex  at about 4:15 am  Show this thread  —  4:44 am - 22 Jun 2019 - Twitter for iPhone 
 
-MFW REDDIT QUARANTINES ME  rd  /  4  $: 
 
——! 
 

 

 
gs ™&  * 
 
JUST HEARD ABOUT THE NEW  ELMO MOWIE ANAND CAN'T WAIT TO SEE IT!" 
 
THTAINEEOINTS  NY  Mmm grayons  es)  ADTIBBING  \  x 
 
ow  Breaking down the Berlin  Wall November 9, 1989. 
 
bie 
 
NOT ONLY DID 1 BEAT WATER TO GET MY CONGRESSIONAL SEAT  4  we a  smartifal  pure, oriep  sparkling  1liter  oAnAs  BUT IT WAS SMART WATER TOO, NANCY. 
 
WHEN | CLOSE MY EYES  YOU PEOPLE CANNOT SEE ME 
 
The Clod Squad  aka ‘Tho Four Donkeys of  The Islamo-Marxist Apocalypse” 
 
--OOPS! YOU ADDED TOO MUCH  BUTTER  SUGAR  a  +.  a  —- RLOUR  oe  BAKING  oo  SODA  ad  =BAT .  SHIT ~  “CRAZY. 
 
76  % @O'4 88%m 7:05  ji 
 
BIG GOVERNMENT  MAHSPLATHIHG  LANDBRIDGES  ACROSS THE OCEANS  LOBSTER MEH VS PSYCHICS 
 
or  ¥  ee 
 

 
Slobbering Over  Open Borders,  Islamo-Fascists,  Socialism, & Gun  Confiscation. 
 
AY  -  ( 
 

 

 
the three stooges 
 
yy”  QS hd  ee  To Nancy: Thx so much for  supporting the Green Dream!  From: AOC, XOXO 
 
&) ®  emteagin  & Teqeds ppvieett bie. Tange 
 
“Can u believe that dumb  gay cracker Drudge ig  sympathetic to ug?”  “Ag goon ag we're done  fucking up Trump, we can  clean out all the rest of  the Republicans including  hig pasty gay age!” 
 
Andrew Surabian @  2  @Surabees,  Coton)  Hey @AOC - A friend of mine who works in  the House just sent me this screenshot of  your staff directory from the internal  congressional database.  Contrary to your denial, it lists your boyfriend  as being on your staff. Care to explain why  you appear to be lying?  1:02 PM - 15 Feb 2019  2213 Retwets 2p6T ier PY YYYYYYY }  O 334  Tax ax 
 
—  BEFORE | TAKE QUESTIONS,  TWILL PREEMPTIVELY  ANSWER THOSE MOST COMMONLY ASKED  %  THE BASELINES ARE 60 FEET. THEY  PLAY 7 INNINGS. THEY THROW UNDERHAND.  PLAYED BUT IT  LOOKS INTERESTING.  WHAT?  .  "  THEY TOLD ME  w  TO EXPECT  SOFTBALL QUESTIONS. 
 
STAND  WITH AGC.  ay  Denies Now  V9 av  121 likes  Paid for by Alexandria Qcasio-Cortez for Congress  It is recommended that new members of Congress  spend up to five hours a day making calls to... more 
 
gs 
 

 
Are you my grandma  $1000/month  View map of this location  Trying to find my Palestinian grandma.  Are you out there? Negotiable rate. Must be brown. Childless widow preferred. No jews.  Contact iOmar@hitlerrox ps 
 
LVDS PROOP TAP ONE GM  EES  DUNBAR OMATTSRAISE DIASYAN]  aie  DOGTRINATED‘AS  SE MIE  as  TONISTCANDISTILL  DMERGOMEFSALTSTHIS TO APPRECIAT  eH EIUNIOUEXGULTURE OF JUDAISM  FAN DATHESEXTRAORDINARY  -  GHIEVEMENT OF THE STATE OF  ISRAEL, Ix I CAN MAKE THAT LEAP,  [SQ] PERHAPS CAN Ms, Omar, YET  FHAT IS NOT REALLY THE ISSUE AT  STAKE, FOR SHE AND I ARE ONLY  ‘TWO INDIVIDUALS, THE REAL  QUESTION IS WHAT, IF ANYTHING,  GAN BE DONE TO CHECK THE  [ADVANCE OF THE MASS MOVEMENT  SkHATZIS MUSLIM ANTI-SEMITISM.  PABSENTZAWORLD-WIDE MUSLIM  IREEORMATIONSEOLLOWED BY AN  ema GENCIGHTENMENT, I AM NO3S  Bern NG Wid  JULY 15, 2019 
 
IT'S A PUN... GET IT?  (SHE'S PROBABLY INBRED) 
 
The Clod Squad  aka ‘Tho Four Donkeys of  The Islamo-Marxist Apocalypse” 
 
FH sic wants  TO STONE  EM ALL!  x  ‘  oa 7 S  +.  .  {ENATES THE sews! . 
 
Slobbering Over  Open Borders,  Islamo-Fascists,  Socialism, & Gun  Confiscation. 
 
a  , E PEOPLE  DID SOMETHING | 
 
Not content to TWICE elect the JIhadi-  dress-up boy who later went on  to send BILLIONS to Iran for nukes,  many of the same “brilliant”  Americans are now rushing to defend  this sharia-loving, Jew-&-Christian-  hating JIhadess In Congress, all b/c  Pres. Trump rightfully told her & her  Hamas Caucus to stop bashing  America, & to “Love It or Leave it!” 
 
oo. Seen  Baye  hi  =  th  be  "  ira  an  .  in  «  rn  hl  -  4  is  ”  he  a  7 
 
° Be 
 
OO Gm)  Danielle Stella  @2020MNCongress  @BRepublican for 2020 Minnesota 5th Congressional  District against Ilhan Omar. America First Prolifelill  Veterans Volunteer KAG Ml 2ASupporter  © 2020 Minnesota 5th District Joined May 2019 
 
€  4  MoonQueen  Reminder that the WHO stating  iI  ender ist a menial ci  sede]  Means  do  He)  ors  lle longe:  Nave |  cover  wae  ia}  ul  , harmones  mecication,  Salnig with it So  thanks. 4  Ive  e  fare  eduse  be endian >  wee  Moen  deen  Mes rQuesa  - 
 
I  iil  whi  tt  an  a  -  a  cyt tte  STV  “ry  ee  wv  ii 
 
OLIVIA HILL  ha  4H  press  "1  Di + Gem Aa  Rapping hs gs  {ve apa. han dg etc ae connec wa tat  sowed fora wage.  9  a  oy  _  UF +L  Snedinae  Cyberpunk 2077%s a dystopia because 58  yeats have passed énd boring white men  aren't extinct yet.  wena sun ms  Hakone 1M  on  ne  om  al  \<._  rr  “Explaining to our children about transgender  stuff would be so. hard!”  Fucker please. I came out as trans to my kids  eo) -  Tgot 3 "cool, we cain go through puberty  os"  together” and 27 hope you Fave fun Iving  You're talking to a transgender transhumanist  asa  T's actually ridiculousty simple if  you Sint ries bigots,  in Tokyo, who has conducted over 100 bodily  era miea  modifications on hersalf. Who does  programming for a living between arganizing  for sac  ist and anarchist groups. Please,  carn pone with mayo, tell me how I don't get  the cyberpunk genre,  roa  tum wit OOOCCCCO  ow  ne  on 
 
ue 
 
| can't take it. I've always been SUPER jealous of cis  wormen who like other cis women. It makes my blood  boil. Ever since | was in middle school I've always felt  threatened by cis women who date other women. | feel  like I'll never be a part of a loving lesbian relationship. |  feel gross when I'm with a woman in my current pre hrt  body.  | can't stand these feelings of intense jealousy and  sadness | want to cry but | can't because T... It’s like a  lesbian relationship is something | will never enjoy. 
 
DISK  (FERAL 
 
13  +  My early years were ruined and th ‘re never corning back quam  submitted 3 months ago by  lgas  ion. 18 | HAT E-8-78)  I'm distraught at the fact. that I never got to present female growing up, and that all the female rites of  passage I missed are completely gone, and so js being treated like my correct gender while growing up  I really like that mischief I used to get into. with my friends in grade school, I Kinda liked some parts of the  experiences of being a kid (knowing that I never had to pay for anything, plan very much, and it would take  A LOT to get mé anywhere near expelled, which would give me the leeway to fuck around a bit), but the sad  thing is, I wasn’t a girl throughout all of it. 1 would kill to be able to go through grade school again, I’d  Strangle my fuckin  to death if it meant that I get to redo childhood from start to finish, but bein  treated as.a_ girl  People always say to live in the present, but that’s not easy, My present is bleak and boring, no school, ne  work, no trarisporation, né family, ho car, just nothingness and a computer. I will Rever bé.a kid again, I wil  never get to be a high school girl, No one will ever cengratulate me for coming out, no one will cheer me on  when. 1 come out. Childhood is an uriforgéttable experience, and If you don’t have it, you're left scarred for  life. Trying to build myself a happy life is hard without me growing up as a girl, it’s like trying to build a house  ona broken foundation that. covers half the space, the house is gonna fucking fall apart  I’m not sure if there’s some sort of experimental therapy that can deal with this, but na one has been able to  do anything that helps. I’ve had therapy from at least six different therapists, I’vé tried meds, and Ive tried  talking to everyone in my family. Nothing has ever worked  I still feel like shit after all that, and it’s because I lost something that can't be replaced, The golden years. of  y life, me getting to be a little girl, and be a réal loli, and slowly blossom into a young worrart... those are  fucking gone, I'm a husk with ne history, no happy memaries, no emotion but sadness... nothing  College wan't be the same, no dne’s gonna get into mischief in class, we'll have no commmon enemy since we  all aren’t forced to. be there, there will be no carefree, childlike fun, I won’t.have any group of friends, I won't  be able to get into-all my old pranks and stuff... it will be just another reminder of the void in my heart.  Everyone says college will give me the experience I'm craving, but that too, is bullshit; it’s nothing like. how  middle/high school was for me, arid it won’t éver be. They’re as distinct as néon pink and onyx, they’re  nothing alike, and two entirely detached chapters  The only thing that will EVER, EVER change anything is to be able to grew up as:a girl, that’s the only  solutiori. I want to be a kid agatn, I want to experience these things properly, not with my shitty mother  using conversion therapy tactics on me, and not with my family shunning me. I want to be allowed to  experlénce thése things as a-girl, I want to be treated like a girl by my parents instead of being treated like a  boy.  The. moment I took that GED, was the day I sealed my fate and made-sure I'll never get clasuré. No one can  fill this hote in me. Only a time machine would solve it. I just want another chance, and I'd do anything for  one. I wart a solution, I need something. Even if it’s. a severe case of amnesia that makes, me forget the last  18 years of my life, then so be it. I just need a selution other than crying, I feel like shit. I have no desire to:  shower, ail I am is a walking husk that plays vidéo garfies, eats, drinks, sleeps. I’m nothing more. I can’t  even muster the energy to put away the clothes that have been in a suitcase for 3 weeks. I have nothing  Make what you will of this. If you're foolish enough to want to help (or you can’t help it because of your  nature), just know it’s Impossible. If a méntal health professional can’t help. me, there’s nothing that cari 
 
4 [Landsinglegayman 8 points 1 day ago  + Idon't know how to help either since my girlfriend is in a similar position as your girlfriend. She is 21 years old and  has been on female hormones for the past 7 months. I'm a transgender guy who's been dating her since the start of  her transition but lately it has definitely began to get worse. For starters, she has started spending most of her  checks on cravings. She can't control them and lost her temptations. She has started spending 10-12 dollars ona  single frappu from starbucks and pumps that shit with expresso. Guess who ended up suffering from this since she  has no money for rent? Ya that's right. | had to pay for most of her bi  . Fent, and her tire that she screwed up while  trying to race another car with. The whole idea about toxic masc  ity has been turned on me since that's what she  went through growing up as a young boy and it's what she hates the most. She's trying to push the "you really want  to become a man? well you have to deal with this and that, now deal with it." Make the man do everything for a  woman. Make the man submit to a woman. Which is sexist as shit since her sister is one of those bad extreme  feminists. 'm sure everything that my girlfriend perceives as “women rights" she heard from her sister that took  shit a bit too far.  While I do agree on some things you listed, the privilege, experiencing womanhood differently as a cis woman than a  transgender woman, etc you have to understand some of that is what makes them dysphoric. My girlfriend has  started cutting herself recently because she tried to wear cute clothes for the beach and it felt like a stab in the  heart for her. It even makes me dysphoric that I share some of the same experiences as other women when growing  up instead of sharing the same experiences as other men when growing up. That brings my discussion to periods.  Thad to grow up with them since hitting puberty and since meeting my girlfriend she has always looked at me while |  was in pain and cramping on the floor and was actually pretty content that she does not have auterus and instead  has a feminine penis. She doesn't want to have a uterus even though it would have come in the full package of being  a woman. She does berate me at times and tells me that my periods at disgusting. No shit sherlock ofc they are  disgusting but hey at least your body isn't experiencing this disgusting shit. She only sits back and cuts herself which  honestly pisses me off. 'm there to support her when she does dysphoric but whenever I feel dysphoric she makes it  about her. Constantly c  ng me cute and giggles whenever | try wearing clothes from the men’s section. Of course  they are oversized but she thinks it's cute. It's good to know that my dysphoria makes you feel better while it  makes me feel  e complete shit.  I'm only here to share our struggles even though I don't have a solution. | just wanted to let you know that you are  not the only one struggling with your transgender girlfriend. It can be hard and | hope the both of us can get through  this.  permalink xmve report givagold reply 
 
EXPLORE  DISTANT  STARS  \/  4  v4  4 
 

 

 

 

 

 
CONQUER  YOUR  FEARS  \/  AS  4%,  4  XENOSYSTEMS  https://xenosystems.space 
 
ey  XS  PROSPECT  )  BUILD  CLAIM  Y  XENOSYSTEMS 
 
@ Tablet  Farally  THE JEWS OF THE CANINE  WORLD  Pit bulls have been unfairly stereotyped as genetically dangerous  monsters. Sound familiar?  By Marjorie Ingall 
 
EPSTEIN WAS  MURDERED ON  THE ORDER OF,  POWERFUL PEOPLE  EPSTEIN AFTER BEIKG  RAPED WAS GIVEN THE TOOLS:  TO COMMIT SUICIDE OH THE  ORDER OF POWERFUL PEOPLE  TO SAVE THEM FROM IMPLICATION  EPSTEIN ws SECNETED  "TDF FRIS3N AKO SITE  iD  Israel no  ANE Wa  HSIN  AND £3 ET  fF MERI, PEOPLE  STILE  23801 MERETULO HE KI  MASEL} THE SSE EWI  sm  UT 48T ENAACED 48°18  T PLACE 
 
white white  Sten serving their interests  become  interests.  Wish te Serve your Own  ws, 
 
(xx) dine 130644 PM-@  Image Description:  Gru from Despicable Me revealing an evil Plan meme. He is  labeled as "Christians."  The first panel, on the top left, has him standing next to a board  which says "Declare working with Money sinful”. Christians are  excited.  The second panel, on the top right, has the board saying "Force  the Jews to do said sinful work". Christians are still excited and  plotting.  The third panel, on the middle left, has the board saying "Jews  find success within that work." Christians are still excited.  The fourth panel, on the middle right, has the same phrase on  the panel. Christians, however, are shocked and horrified at the  unexpected results of their plan.  The fifth panel, on the bottom, has Christians excited once  more, and the board says "Use said success to create  conspiracy theories about them controlling the world's  finances and to ignore their very real oppression.”  christians  Christians  Christians  Christians  Christians 
 
© HAARET Z eceseerse  ey  "War on Christmas’: How  Where Did. All of Mars’ Water ‘The Unexph  ‘Trump Failed to Make the  Go? Not Very Par  in Tara's Ge  Holidays Mecry Again  Tyeeding Now  Home > Israel News  White Man's Burden  lent Bus  to  10 are pus  ing  ange the course of history. Iwo of them,  journalists William Kristol and Charles Krauthammer, say  possible. But another  journalist, Thomas Friedman (not part of the group), is skeptical  Avi Steere | Agr GS, 2008 12:00 AM 
 
Niko @Tier1H8 «38 min  Jews import Muslims, teach them that they're being oppressed by White racism  e  and side with them against Whites.  Curse @cursedsalad  By importing Jew-hating Muslims, Jews have a pretext to take away more of  ‘our freedoms: guns, speech, etc. Eventually, we'l be defenseless and Jews will  be beyond reproach. Keeping Jews prosperous is a bipartisan mandate and  crucial to the careers of our public representatives. twitter.com/riverbeing/st...  9  as  O14 
 
How does the American Jewish  Committee feel about immigration?  In the US:  In Israel:  "One of the challenges for us  "Right now  help the larger societ  in the Jewish community is to  - In 20-25  understand the really  [years], we are talking about  that  can play  70%. (...) Even if you add a  in bringing diversity into  million Arabs into that  and  fragile formula,  to understand that's a good  » or  things as  we will stop being  - Richard Foltin  democratic."- Ari Shavit 
 
EXPLORE  DISTANT  STARS  \/  4  v4  4 
 

 

 

 

 

 
CONQUER  YOUR  FEARS  \/  AS  4%,  4  XENOSYSTEMS  https://xenosystems.space 
 
acvgdog  BN 1d 69% 91:35 AM  L& Shipping  a  You'll receive an email with tracking information  when your item ships.  Shipping address  CNN Center  1 CNN Center  Atlanta, GA 30303  Arrives by Mon, Apr 1  See your item details  +  Check your order status on Walmart.com  Order Summary  Subtotal (1 item)  $745  Shipping  $5.99  Tax  $1.20 
 
acvgdog  BN A. 70% 91:35 AM  Thank you for your order  #35/1986849202  Just one more thing...  Set your password — track your order easily and check  out even faster next time.  Email: Saltminer1776@yahoo.com  Choose a password (between 6-12 characters)  Keep me signed in  Uncheck if using a shared device.  By clicking "Set Password", you acknowledge you have read a  agreed to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.  we Shipping 
 
ORDER PLACED  ORDER # 114-4777362-2824238  March 26, 2019  Order Detalts | invoice  Arriving Apr 1 - Apr 3  MORTON Table Salt, Bulk Salt, Foodservice, Great for Restaurants, Excellent for Cooking,  Baking and Seasoning, Non lodized Salt, lodide Free, 25 Pound  Sold by: Coastal Bay  $27.99  evens) 
 
5:277  al LTE @)  € Inbox  NM  Ships from Walmart  Arrives by  Shipping To  CNN CNN  Tue, Apr 2  We'll send an email  1 CNN Center  with tracking info  Atlanta , GA 30303  when your order  ships.  Item  Qty Total  Mutual Industries 7092-0-0  2 $14.90  Rock Salt  $7.45  Order summary  Order subtotal  $14.90  Walmart shipping  $5.99  Total tax:  $1.86  Order total:  $22.75  x  ms)  =  (4 
 
Thank you, your order has been placed.  Want to track your order?  Please check your email for order confirmation and detailed detivery information or visit Message Center to review your notifications.  Let Amazon Assistant help. Learn More  Order Number: 112  |  = MORTON Table Salt, Bulk Salt, Foodservice, Great for Restaurants,  ‘will be shipped to Jim Acosta v by Coastal Bay.  @y instaling Amazon Asdstant  Estimated dalivery: April 1, 2019 - April 3, 2019,  ‘you agree to the Condhtions of Use.  Review or edit your arder > 
 
8:13 7  all Q (__}}  a walmart.com  Thank you for your order #3561986204092  aa Shipping  You'll receive an email with tracking information when  your item ships.  Shipping address  Fake News  CNN, 1 CNN Center  Atlanta, GA 30303  Arrives by Fri, Mar 29  See your item details  +  Check your order status on Walmart.com  Order Summary  Subtotal (12 items)  $89.  Fr| 2  Shipping  Tax  $7.96  Total  $97.36 
 
—  —  amazon  —  QO  —— prime  Not yet shipped  Delivery Estimate  Wednesday, April 17, 2019 - Thursday,  April 25, 2019 by 8pm  Mutual Industries  $32.40  7092-0-0 Rock Salt  Qty: 1  Sold By: Amazon.com Services, Inc  Payment information  Payment im  Billing Address  Shipping address  CNN  190 MARIETTA ST NW  ATLANTA, GA 30303-2762 
 

 

 
———o—4  ———s  MONEY PLEAAAASSSEE! 
 
—  Pacific Standard  2% NEWS  HOME > SOCIAL JUSTICE  NATIONAL SECURITY  THE END OF GAY  RIGHTS  Trump administration  How a Trump Supreme Court will erode  launches global effort to  LGBT rights.  end criminalization of  REBECCA BUCKWALTER- POZA  homosexuality  - JUN 5, 2017  The adininistration is responding in part to a  reported hanging ofa young gay man in tran  f  in v 2  Trumps top geopolitical foe.  \ |  President Donald Trump, Justice Anthony 
 
derek schwartz @  @derek_mats  C retow )  @  Just had an Iranian from Iran DM me to let  me know Iranians do not hate Americans. |  told her that is fine, but asked her if the  country supports homosexuality and she  admits they do not. When will the Left realize  that these people are not their allies?  Please answer my question.  Does Iran accept  homosexuality?  | never said you hate  Americans. Only that you do  not accept homosexuality  10:03 AM ¥  1 unread message  @  10:04 AM  7:24 AM - 20 Jun 2019  20 Retweets s2Likes QIORSSSSSO 
 

 
THE AMOUNT, OF COLLUSION  BETWEEN RUSSIA AND TRUMP 
 
q.*  a8  yes *  pert Sey  wy  yet  ray  ve  ws  be  Sa  BY  eet  nS  seats  sa  Paty  PV UPN.  ry  ve  et  te  weds 
 
Does he bite?  No, but he can hurt you  in other ways.  | la  ds  There was no collusion  between Trump an  Russia.  / 
 
~: +B (-> 
 
Ps  te 
 
‘Skaith drafted multiple eieetls ateting or intimeting tat be was in coutuct with Russian  hhackaes. For eascuple, in ooe such axuil, Sait elalwed thes, in Angust 2016, KLS Roseweh had  organized  with  ‘Whe bad acoves to the detated Clinton emuila, including pasties  ‘with “ties and affilistions to Russia.“ The iovestigaiian did mot identify ovkdense that axy such  tot believe that Smith wes in contest with Russion hackers and were ware ef 20 such  ‘oscurred. Aamooiaies and seaurity sxperts who worled with Smith ox the iniintive did  in contact with Bassien hanes  connection.” The investigation did not establish that  or that Banith, Ledeen, or other iodividuals in touch with  Campaign ultimatety obtained  the deleted Clinton ocnails. 
 
2  Throughout 2016, the III Carnpaign  intesest in Hillary Clinton's private  qmail server nd  30,000 qmelis from thet server hed in fact been  ae reported by tho media. Several individuals sesoclated with the  Campaign ware cantacted in 2016  ‘effurte to obtain tho missing Clinton orsails end  other stolen rasterhal in support of cho|  Campaign. Scene of these contacts were met with  sad nothing cans af thea;  'weare pursued 1  span deoren.  ‘The investigation did  ‘not find ovidenee that the |  Campelga reeovored any  oumils, or that howe  eoutacts wore part of a  effort between Rosela and Campaign. 
 
Thank you » Gi’  Ronna McDaniel Unsubscribe  8:26 PM (2 hours ago)  tome v  =,  Thank you for your donation of $50 to the Republican National Committee (RNC).  We are 100% behind President Trump. Your support of the party is crucial to our continued victories in 2018, 2020, and beyond.  In 2016, we won the House, Senate, and White House because of active team members like you — and it’s incredibly important we keep up our groundbreaking pace.  Pm extremely grateful for your continued commitment of electing conservatives into office, and i, that effort truly starts at a grassroots level.  Together, we'll fund the RNC’s comprehensive data program to target voters, reach and drive those voters to the polls, and create a communications strategy that holds the Mainstream Media accountable.  President Trump and | want to thank you for being a part of the greatest team in the world.  God bless,  Ronna McDaniel  Chairwoman  Republican National Committee  Paid for by the Republican National Committee  Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.  www.GOP.com 
 
pm 
 
Bakari Sellers @  ®  @Bakari_Seliers  Gp  | need Twitter therapy. At this point i feel  embarrassed for them. Are my emotions  normal. What should | do?  @cracz2ai9  -—e.  iP  "*  TERA  TePac 
 
Order Summary  ® Print  Thank you Alexander!  Your order number is 85583  1 Item  An email will be sent containing information about your purchase. ff you have any questions about your  ‘1x lodized Table Salt  $8.95  (Morton) 251b  purchase, email us at sales@allbulkfoods.com.  Create an account for a faster checkout In the future  ‘Subtotal  $8.95  Password ?-character mi  um, case sensitive  Shipping  313.85,  Tax  $0.00  |  Confirm Password  Total (USD)  $22.80  |  ny 
 
Thanks for Your Order  © ror ion asm,  Shipping Address  CNN HQ.  NN  1.CNN Genter  Atanta, Georgia 30303,  Untied States  404-827-1500  Your Order Contain: 
 
acvgdog  BN 1d 69% 91:35 AM  L& Shipping  a  You'll receive an email with tracking information  when your item ships.  Shipping address  CNN Center  1 CNN Center  Atlanta, GA 30303  Arrives by Mon, Apr 1  See your item details  +  Check your order status on Walmart.com  Order Summary  Subtotal (1 item)  $745  Shipping  $5.99  Tax  $1.20 
 
acvgdog  BN A. 70% 91:35 AM  Thank you for your order  #35/1986849202  Just one more thing...  Set your password — track your order easily and check  out even faster next time.  Email: Saltminer1776@yahoo.com  Choose a password (between 6-12 characters)  Keep me signed in  Uncheck if using a shared device.  By clicking "Set Password", you acknowledge you have read a  agreed to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.  we Shipping 
 
CNN REPORTER  DEEP UNDERCOVER 
 
ORDER PLACED  ORDER # 114-4777362-2824238  March 26, 2019  Order Detalts | invoice  Arriving Apr 1 - Apr 3  MORTON Table Salt, Bulk Salt, Foodservice, Great for Restaurants, Excellent for Cooking,  Baking and Seasoning, Non lodized Salt, lodide Free, 25 Pound  Sold by: Coastal Bay  $27.99  evens) 
 
“These companies are willing to pay double, triple," the 30-year-old said during a  recent interview outside a Home Depot in his hometown of Warren. "We can't hire  enough people  (Trump) just cut the red tape. It doesn't exist anymore  Like many other voters here in Macomb County, which is 81% white -- Gaither, an  independent, shrugged off the recent controversy over Trump's suggestion that  four minority congresswomen should "go back and help fix the totally broken and  crime infested places from which they came."  Gaither underscored that he doesn't agree with everything Trump says. But "I'll  take progress over a few shitty words that are said here and there," Gaither said.  “The guy says stupid things, but as long as things are going good, | could give two  shits." 
 
CAN Opinion  LIVE TV  —  Crucially, the earlier proposal — backed by  President Obama -— also was not afraid to  elevate the idea of assimilation, as well as the  rule of law. But if a Democratic candidate »  today were to talk about the importance of ~  immigrants learning English — like Obama did -  - so that our country has a common currengy  of communication, they'd run the risk of beiny  excomngumiaated from the pa  lief in  assimilation is not racist. ; 
 
—  —  amazon  —  QO  —— prime  Not yet shipped  Delivery Estimate  Wednesday, April 17, 2019 - Thursday,  April 25, 2019 by 8pm  Mutual Industries  $32.40  7092-0-0 Rock Salt  Qty: 1  Sold By: Amazon.com Services, Inc  Payment information  Payment im  Billing Address  Shipping address  CNN  190 MARIETTA ST NW  ATLANTA, GA 30303-2762 
 
_—  —  amazon  Q 0 W  ~—7 prime  Thank you, your order has  been placed.  Please check your email for order confirmation and  detailed delivery information or visit Message  Center to review your notifications.  1 item will be shipped to CNN at 1 CNN  Center, Atlanta, GA 30303, United States, by  Coastal Bay.  Estimated delivery: Mar. 29, 2019 -  April 2, 2019  ll  ws)  < 
 
“The virgin anti-feminist”  “™ BALD, tears her hair out from beta-female insecurity  Cool spiky hairstyle “—-——  Shitty boxxy eyeliner  —  Panders to men and trannies  «  >  Does not give a single fuck about the  God-tier angular bone structure,  feelings of scrotes and msn in dresses  Genetically flawed who-ville  FAS face  eo Self-hating female, pathetic  has no need for makeup ~~,  Thot makeup to cover flaws  Secure as a woman,  supports other women  Dating a fat autist § ————"  Idea of humor is 2007 /b/  who cucks her  Dry british humour  ie  Blocks people when challenged  Knock-off yesstyle lolita clothes  Could get a cute of with ease  ™  Wears comfy men’s clothing  beacsue she Is confident in herself  —————— Sad skinny-fat figure  Not afraid of debate  Changes opinion based  ‘on what is popular  Arguments consist of strawmanning  and ‘you're mom gay’  Stays true to her bellefs,  tough as nails.  Dropped out of film school  Argues based off facts,  calm and rational personality  Physics graduate, hardest STEM science 
 
The Suzano Virgins  ‘The Chad Nationalist  ‘uses Gogeteetan  donee nave any mansege  “eubecrina to Renter  ‘anes och  thoes uneies cor  tens a tabare  ‘Cant oven camry tie bacipeck full  faek ow om  the oct,  carry cay the necessary  nly chops emety  ‘sheets using a 22 vevatver  sects ng sami ag et  (deeatrueras the wioote  (on Pacebect, chang  ‘aly on oBMty mummy Carveras, who  ‘ih his One  dy caption Whe gate  bias tne laying vicare wth 9  ‘shore the pile  shoots therm in the. hea  (ta comm of heratics ababs,  Geant isan to eumobast  only Nis oeregrar  nara to eurdant, 
 
THE THAD INDIAN "REMOVAL"  The Chad Aaodeear  tanner  eed  tha virgin holocaust  salle tere,  ance tela  Cd  Pesgantner  ieveccer  crane  arco  trated  ie  a  far maar  race ware  Secese  Teese;  melita  pacers  mn  Pencirored  ‘rarer  ere  wiles cates  scape cs  reas  em met  ola  when tren  omer  rae ee  =  —  ford  —  eed  (him nh semey  ani oe  pecans eres  ior)  Riewrass  wqeeir ect  Creed  [Je aepaid  “ena mech  silage ad  capone  ‘orp  polos  Cericdandly abil  ray hai  ceetec ee  ‘Tht ee  apm.  sey ae  omtens  ——7  caus ta  ‘retort oe  ‘ooornmen  en 
 
VIRGIN  NPC  PLAYER CHARACTER  “Tthke only 38 primal gee  Overetiptoied by crusting  Only watehea:GoT,  bhas.s9ng-pusry Barret Novie  conwlies hist  ‘gui can’t wage Sat the aot  a I ne tte,  ‘Starviere  ht out:  Sacreanaimeumte  religion, mioralitp ete:  ‘that.ere  Hasotnae}  de ila thing foe ble  sotooisitgdt $6 aig.  nly ater 40: Ton A  jew rom  ‘iieiste, can't bond.  wall  ihe  Dozane of hiande-wtio.al  bk the pama ey ana ike  Caren desi.  Heawes te  98  £0  Bogantt vote,  Read ayo Rendin  Read *Holee? je 
 
The Virgin Heritagefe  The Chad Crue American’  eyes eiways pesto for ity  Doesaft ge a rats ess about the Okt  ‘Yorkd beyend shooting at them  cathnicty a3 2 cheap joke  ‘Tm 15 German, STs  Scolish, 82 Naan, 1s  "America has no-cilie”  - 100% Amonican kitty  is closely cancemed about  lost and confused  ‘set foot there for many generations  ot heeingy  ss lowto hos  -enioys al natural rights  ‘the consfiviion 2c wel as  clearly onumerated by  ‘these thet are rat  Respect obo his own and oer noes  satfends.  ~ a laciausSer american at best,  Shall not be indringed  ‘esthvas ia imitation of chd-  ‘a ih-cokenn kalior af worst  Shall be infringed  sdenlifed as being American  perfecty American, is  ‘stanly wen overseas 
 
The Becky Dog Owner  The Stacy Pit-Mom  has never heard of a leash  “sorry he’s not good with  kids”  owns a basic “dog”  “I love my pitty”  *dog has killed and  always keeps dog on a leash  maimed dozens of  can do 63 pull-ups  other animals*  in one set  has a loving husband  has other hobbies  relationship with pet is  and interests  borderline sexual  got her dog off of craigslist  from a crack-house  loves her pet ina  hasn’t had a real relationship  master > dog kind  since 2004, only needs  of way  did a lot of research into  her pit  breed and bought from a  reputable breeder  has done hard  time before 
 
The Virgin Killer Gentleman  The Chad Mass Murderer Nazi  - fj Livestream killings while giving comentary  Murdered innocents for petty  complete disregard for the effects massacre with  have on his movement for his own goals,  revenge  paves the way for more goverment control  "This didn't go as planned"  fy  went better than expected  Prerecorded videos winging about girls  ma GAT  pr  not well thought out  Tew  NO  bale  a)  doesnt got as planned  yl  “t.  a  Brings heavy guns to spare  cover with mantra  Dies and lives to be a joke  Sy  Bad shot  Listens to pop music  Epic tunes for his watches to enjoy  Kill confirms, goes on the prowl  for more  Lives on to be a make of memes  Tactical battie attire  Low kill count  Clothing ready for going  1-7  to see mummy  Massive tragedy  One dirty handgun with what  Goes back to his car to change weapons, makes  fooks like cumstains on it  a clean gettaway and does post  Crashes car after police chase  Murder interview  then shoots self like a pussy  Makes a stand about the happenings  in his country  modern crusader  Forgotten by the people  “<9  Will be remembered forever 
 
Se  the chad mosque  vienna  obliterator  1683  wild, aimless haircut  constantinople  have children  orange  Israel first  boomer  overweight  toured the  embrace imfamy  world,  deleted a 240 page manifesto  wept in a cemetery  in favor of a 1000 line shitpost  billionaire  soundtrack  approved by  gives into hedonist urges  knights templar  come and take them  tmarmed invaders are  still invaders  no wall  lawful  nobel prize  combatant  lone wolf 
 
Wirgin crusader  CHAD BUDDIST  Media whine about him: he ignores  Looks like a red cross  Saves damsels in distress: remains  them  Wants to be hardcore, his  chaste to pursue higher goals  ™  /  pope doesn't let him  —  vores  —  ‘Shelters his invaders  —  Didn't done shit from  a"  Slays his invaders  almost a millenium.  Works as a human instrument of  karma.  Aks nobody if he is allowed to  His leader licks muslim  be hardcore: he is  feet  _  Wears eye-raping orange.  a  Ignores priests being  decapitated and  women raped 
 
Maria 9  @MariaRodrxguez  e  white men colonized 3/4ths of this  Earth, you think imma let them  colonize this pussy!?!  19:35 - 25/03/2019 - Twitter for Android  1,069 Retweets 5,411 Likes 
 
DEMOCRATS  LJ  -  MQ  LY  FAKE NEWS 
 
BANYAN MLHILL  sUS:DJIA Staple Moving Average mr| «  Volume  x  MACD er] *  80% Stock Market Crash  CD pispiay Too.tip  To Strike In 2017,  ‘SMaA(50)  25,000  Economist Warns  22,500  Several noted economists and distinguished  20,000  investors are warning of a stock market  crash.  17,500  Jim Rogers, who founded the Quantum  2017  15,000  Fund with George Soros, went apocalyptic  when he said, “A $68 trillion ‘Biblical’  6,9)  1,000  collapse is poised to wipe out millions of  1,000  Americans.” | |  2017  2018  2019  Mark Faber, Dr. Doom himself, recently  told CNBC that “investors are on the  Titanic” and stocks are about to “endure a  gut-wrenching drop that would rival the  greatest crashes in stock market history.”  And the prophetic economist Andrew  Smithers warns, “U.S. stocks are now about  80% overvalued.”  Smithers backs up his prediction using a  ratio which proves that the only time in 
 
Tare  Wwnell  UBERAL PRIVILEDGE -  #  c  =  ay 
 
TFW THE NATIONAL  ENQUIRER DOES BETTER REPORTING  THAN YOUR PERSONAL NEWSPAPER 
 
Why is it no one ever trusts the Eunuch? 
 
z  The Electoral College Was  Not a Pro-Slavery Ploy  There is a lot wrong with how we choose the president. But the  framers did not put it into the Constitution to protect the South.  April 4, 2019  By Sean Wilentz  Actually, the Electoral College  Was a Pro-Slavery Ploy  That fact alone doesn’t mean it ought to be scrapped. But we should  be clear about its disreputable origins.  April 6, 2019  By Akhil Reed Ami 
 
These are Andrew Chael and  Mareki Honma. Mareki invented  the algorithm used in the  stitching of the black hole  images and Andrew wrote most  of the code. 
 
MADE  TAS  etn  oy  ne be  a  Ke  &  Nie  YOU  MADE  TAAT  th  Lg  5  Ws  by  Z  th  Ke  Ces  ole,  Coy  io™  8)  NN  ——.  ea  a  =  =. She Old ews Papet  HO  cis  tC  eck:  B  Did he make.  it? Fac  ial  30 gulls  —  WLORAEGO  ara  7a |  Baa 
 
“These companies are willing to pay double, triple," the 30-year-old said during a  recent interview outside a Home Depot in his hometown of Warren. "We can't hire  enough people  (Trump) just cut the red tape. It doesn't exist anymore  Like many other voters here in Macomb County, which is 81% white -- Gaither, an  independent, shrugged off the recent controversy over Trump's suggestion that  four minority congresswomen should "go back and help fix the totally broken and  crime infested places from which they came."  Gaither underscored that he doesn't agree with everything Trump says. But "I'll  take progress over a few shitty words that are said here and there," Gaither said.  “The guy says stupid things, but as long as things are going good, | could give two  shits." 
 
war. LIBERAL PRIVILEGE  #  c  ~~ 
 
een  fir  CLARK. Tena 
 
‘Creede  Donald J. Trump  Gm) ~  Unbelievable. California is now home fo the bubonic  Plague, thanks fo the efforts of the always losing  Democrats led  the Pelosi Plague. The Black  Death in Americal First time in a hundred years!  Do not worry, we will eradicate: itt  Foam  Rr Rum 1448) Ue  “ERADICATE “BLACK DEATH?  RACIST CALLS FOR LITERAL EXTERMINATION  “IT’S FINALLY HAPPENING!”  RECORD NUMBER OF LIBERALS REPORT  SPONTANEOUS ORGASMS.  a7’  LNA 
 
=  =  SCS NEWS  L VE  LIVE >  SCUSNEMS  Weeks after  2nd man  Trump vowed to  eradicate  apparently free of  HIV/AIDS, report  AIDS virus  shows progress  following stem  on prevention has  stalled  cell transplant 
 
DEMOCRATS  FAKE NEWS 
 
BREAKING/NEWS  MAY HAVE COLLUDED|WITH RUSSIA)  THOROUGH UNOBSTRUCTED  INVESTIGATION  ILUSETTLE\THE MATTER 
 
Hillary Clinton @  @HillaryClinton  =D -  @  RIP Jeffery Epstein, it's a shame you fell  down the steps in the hospital. Bill and |  are devestated.  8:30 AM - 25 Jul 2019  67,676 Retweets 7,475 Likes  © 575K  T) 67K  QO 7.4K  a) 
 
“Jeffrey. this is my 26th flight on  your Lolita Express. & she's the hottest.  little teenie | have seen yet!” 
 

 
——  1 tt  LH 1  Ee  7h 
 
=»  ted  Daily Mail  News  BREAKING NEWS: Pedophile Jeffrey  Epstein is found injured in his jail cell  following a ‘possible suicide attempt  or assault' as he awaits trial on child  sex trafficking charges  By Emily Crane For Dailymail.com  22:48 EDT 24 Jul 2019, updated 23:01 EDT 2 dul 2019  “4  |!  Fp +2 
 

 
> YouTube  |  On  Dm Om  David Lanta  Dra Keppeloma@ @orartopperan - 3h  ‘Sempunars, Tam Hague ie ging 2 Up of Ube et hy wioewercoben up w the pn  Fabew on teeta ®  we of tye.  e910 Faia  Ou  oe  Ox  en Magen  Sten Roppelran® Staaringpeinan -3%  Cereeupast  loot. hime munedpowerta prope wt ania 8 ong time Pre heres  Chateeophoar Mecmario®  ‘pronogempnic edence’ there 00 wey tht mes sun  eorerncuarie  arg someone Ried or hurt ino cat ba a arg as fang Bram urgrotac  ‘Ae singie ws verlag someone ova the jot.  rie Keppeinar® Girinianpdmen  Enea oui, Sure Some Hi Prabably what happened.  eg Et fa nj col ABC hey  Hey, fo, we're Rani wo, Enjoy it.  Ante  om  Ow Om  Dean Roppeioma’® @txiinypeinen +3  pats nocd, Sora Saran Hii. Probably ina appara  ir. ln wee Ram ome joy B.  lay Tria heard deed ajo ol AC Ms,  Ow Om Om y  Drtan Koppalanan @ @inartoppean - Sh  .  | wart we ane 2 bot that beets the word “fewer” to atyorne wo woes the wed  “Ta  ‘eae’ oven wen thay Reve ute i correc  Pepin  On  ns  Om  ld  Mae ieee  Deian Hoppeioma® @erianbopparan + 3h  .  | shina eink thera point to mock Kid Rock’ tent. Te guy has mace  Pn fruirons  toa ed reteee, Hats sae a bed parton of iow chemeter wns igri  Delo sae naman spate ape  ec indner at  and cenp, [sont to he scarab 1 not about he work Wa about he my  (cata Meant  Ineidoe and le parsendoed.  <—  Jeffrey Epstein "Dead of Suicide” - Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew Implicated  6 views:  @  Ho  ® SHARE  Ep SAVE  aia,  ‘Why golly gee, how convenient for Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew that Epstein is dead7?  HmmMmmMmMmMm!  Share and spread our links far and wide! 
 

 

 
“Jeffrey. this is my 26th flight on  your Lolita Express. & she's the hottest.  little teenie | have seen yet!” 
 
EPSTEIN WAS  MURDERED ON  THE ORDER OF,  POWERFUL PEOPLE  EPSTEIN AFTER BEIKG  RAPED WAS GIVEN THE TOOLS:  TO COMMIT SUICIDE OH THE  ORDER OF POWERFUL PEOPLE  TO SAVE THEM FROM IMPLICATION  EPSTEIN ws SECNETED  "TDF FRIS3N AKO SITE  iD  Israel no  ANE Wa  HSIN  AND £3 ET  fF MERI, PEOPLE  STILE  23801 MERETULO HE KI  MASEL} THE SSE EWI  sm  UT 48T ENAACED 48°18  T PLACE 
 

 

 
fi  ale  rye Faker  ¥  4  aedges  lar  ve  s  Google 
 
a  sayy  ”  a  fen  h  we  SUT nevus  .  ae  at vsre  er  Cults  Cast  Fy  Ge  ts Pera  tt  Ma  otis  insu  te  ts  2  Google 
 

 

 
y Seen  rie |  fio  rid  ry)  a 
 
we  oa  a  Ww  a 
 
Sa  3S  Pa  G  gl 
 
we;  .  se 
 

 
»  ©  tx 
 

 
oe  ae A ye  Little St James lotand  ‘St Thomas 00802, USVI  18.298858, -64.825752  ant 
 
Lie F 1  i  ~  x  ~ 
 
“LT  - snp *  =  It’s called Pizza Pl.  I'm not kidding, lock It up.  It’s a boat. They sell pizza. 
 
"  vil 01a  Te Ve  car  Chi Ts  i  rw  oe  Sor ks  Lher  vB.  .  ge ne  Corerttiac,  Fy  Cot  r  i  we Pike  ”  Eo  Chel na  5  Measure distance  Go  fick on the map to add to your path  te  Tote distance: 3332 38 ft (1.02 km) 
 
| a oN 
 
IF YOUR SURPRISED THAT JEFFREY EPSTEIN COMMITED  SUICIDE THIS MORNING  FREETHOUGHTPROJECT. 
 
yes  VA  as  wi  Mav \\  vy ous  N\\ \\  \\  AVS  oan  \\\  vey  \\  wan  wo}  \!  aan cae  wee  ac  v\\  v\o  pasty  Vy  i)  ty Maybe  oy  we  ————  ——  ‘N  » 4  UN  eo4 
 
eC  *t  ny  < Vy  eo 
 
so” 
 
“Jeffrey. this is my 26th flight on your  Lolita Express. & she’s the hottest  little teenie | have seen yet!” 
 

 
IF YOUR SURPRISED THAT JEFFREY EPSTEIN COMMITED  SUICIDE THIS MORNING 
 
Probably discussing  dental hygiene. 
 
t.  v 
 
a”  nn # 
 
\)  I  \t  ji  ( 
 
‘Sal  Up  a |  <2  »  a an  1  :  vy 
 
a  Case 18-2868, Document 286, 08/09/2019, 2628248, Page40 of 55  Epstein did invite two young brunettes to a dinner which he gave on his Caribbean island for Mr.  Clinton shortly after he left office.  }  Tid have been about 17 at the time. I New to the Caribbean with Jeffrey and then Ghislaine  J  Maxwell went to pick up Bill in a huge black helicopter that Jeffrey had bought her.  lremember she was very excited because she got her license around the first year we met.  } Lused to get frightened flying with her but Bill had the secret service with him and E remember  rs  him talking about what a good job she did.  I don't remember seeing Bill again on the trip but I assume Ghislaine flew him back.  Virginia disclosed that Mr. Clinton's vice-president Al Gore and his wife, Tipper, were also  guests of Epstein on his island,  Virginia said that yet another American liberal icon, Senator George Mitchell, frequently visited  Epstein's New York residence. Mr. Mitchell, aged 77, was very close to Jeffrey, Virginia  recalled,  Talso met Naomi Campbell at a birthday party of hers on a yacht in the South of France. She is a  friend of Ghislaine's but she was a real bitch to me.  Donald Trump was also a good friend of JefIrey's. Ile didn't partake in any sex with any of us  l  but he flirted with me. He'd laugh and tell Joffrey, ‘you've got the life.’  mexican 7  Fi uthre-  ‘AGREN BLANDO PONG  ne 
 
te  3  --  .2  ae A  at  Google 
 
N 
 
Hi gh  a. 4  \  i  »  Googl 
 
2  ord  -+ 
 
f  -_  —-  . 
 
-  - 
 

 
"  o, 
 
we me 
 

 

 
a]  we  we '  ad  hea  _—  -.  ~—.  ft  —  — -  ——  —_  f,  4  77  » 4  fe  ge o4 
 
@ Hilary Clinton @  Jeffrey Epstein was once a close friend.  His impending suicide will take a heavy  toll on us all.  ‘O25 AM .6 Jed 19- Tellier Fey Acad  2,004 Rebweets 8.0 Likes  9  a  iv]  cd 
 
EXPLORE  DISTANT  STARS  \/  4  v4  4 
 

 

 

 

 

 
CONQUER  YOUR  FEARS  \/  AS  4%,  4  XENOSYSTEMS  https://xenosystems.space 
 
ey  XS  PROSPECT  )  BUILD  CLAIM  Y  XENOSYSTEMS 
 
1  AM  @ reddit.com)  © reddit ©  Em ’ © =  7  aoe  f@® Share  @ Comment  +  t/funny « i.imgur + 4h « u/ConsistentWeekendO  Alittle backstory on this reaction.  f@® Share  @ 659  oe | PA70kKS  r/AskReddit « 3h » u/MasterMongrel345 «  Tour guides of Reddit, what's the worst thing a tourist  has ever done under your supervision?  f@® Share  @ 3.0k  soe | 4 10.0k &  t/Jokes « 4h » u/sitzt + Politics « @4  Angela Merkel, Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump are  shot during a conference and die...  f@® Share  @ 475  aoe  t 86k 4  r/EarthPorn « i.redd.it + 3h » u/steven_sandner  Tree ferns - Dandenongs, Australia [OC]  [1080x1350] 
 
/t/The_Donald  O Cc  HOT  The_Donald  The_Donald  /r{[The_Donald  @thedonaldreddit  ©  Hey, it's The_Donald's 4th Birthday!  Years ago the failing @nytimes said we were running out of  steam. That didn't happen, so they had to Quarantine us!  Still won't work!  8:46 AM : Jun 27, 2019 - Twitter Web Client  20 Retweets  147 Likes  o)  tl  J @jcorrigan22 - 11m  Replying to @thedonaldreddit and @nytimes  Happy Birthday Pedes! No Brakes  7)  vm)  QO 3  fa 
 
-MFW REDDIT QUARANTINES ME  rd  /  4  $: 
 
4 Posted by u/nifyadontkno 38 minutes ago  2  What do I [35m] have to consider, to determine if my formerly promiscuous partner—@™Mican be monogamous.  =  Tam a 35/m (I'm using my friends account), I recently met ji ye have a  great emotional and sexual connection. For all intents and purposes we connect in ways that seems like we could be  married one day. She’s moved very fast in this relationship, wanting to be my GF within weeks of meeting. Now that we're  monogamous partners (it was her choice to be exclusive), she talks about getting married and moving in together  constantly. She doesn't pressure but she makes it very clear it’s what she wants. We've only been together 3 months.  While our relationship and connection seem amazing, there are a few flags that have me skeptical. i!  think like a fraternity bro, but as a women. While I  know this is just her sense of humor, I do wonder what's behind it.  She's never been in a LTR. Her longest was 5 months, and she was on and off with her HS sweetheart for 5 years but that  was peppered with other love interests. During that time, according to her she fell in love many times with men who she  wanted to be in a relationship with however, they didn't want to be in one with her. Most of her experiences relationship:  based, went something like, meets a man, propositions him for sex, then develops feelings only the men never wanted to  settle with her. She's very open about being promiscuous so I suspect this may have something to do with it.  On top of that she has expressed interest in acting out her fantasies, SIRI  MRA 1 pressed to her that before I would even entertain the thought, I wanted to build a  sexual intimacy to compliment our emotional intimacy. She did express, she doesn't understand sexual intimacy as of yet  but did express interest in developing it. While I do see myself eventually maybe being open to this, I don't know for sure  if I will and I worry haw soon she will get bored with just sleeping with one person.  Iwill add that she tells me if she could go back she would probably only have sex with maybe ten of the 80+, most weren't  that great. Also she does consider me one of her best lovers, which is one reason why she wanted to be in a relationship,  in addition to our emotional connection of course. She finished grad school last summer 2018, most of her experiences  were from the abundance of guys in school. She had a new job and that has slowed everything down for her. Her last love  interest (a person at her job), she did want a relationship with.  To the women of Reddit, what are signs or factors I should talk about or look for in determining if she is capable of being  happy with one partner? What aspects should I consider? What are things I should talk about with her. What are your  experiences with this if you've had any. Your perspective is the main one I'm interested in.  ‘TLIDR. Got into a relationship with someone with a promiscuous past. She seems focused on a monogamous relationship  and marriage. 'm not sure how much her previous lifestyle will keep her going on this direction. What are aspects about  her Ishould explore to figure out if I should continue or if we will end up going down in flames.  W14Ccomments # Share Fl Save  76% Upvoted 
 
Q vent - Posted by u/hyperactive2003 7 hours ago  I wanna try Grindr so bad  I could try it. I even have plans for how I can use it (I'm technically underage). The only thing holding  me back is that my Dad is on it  Now before you say anything, my Mum is fully aware that he's on it. I don't think he's actually  hooked up with any guys on there. But I am scared that he will recognize me on it  I'm not out to my family yet. I think I'm scared my Mum will blame my Dad for “influencing” me. So  being recognized is the LAST thing I want. God, it's so frustrating because I wanna hit install and see  how many gay teens in my area there are, but I'm definitely gonna show up for my dad. *sigh*  @ comment # Share PY Save @ Hide ME Report ++  100% Upvoted 
 
195k  ited Protect Net Neutrality. Save the Internet. (battieforthenet.com)  submitted 19 days ago by root_su [M] to r/IAmA  2817 comments share save hide report  185  tela Join the Battle for Net Neutrality!! Please send help do everything you can! (battieforthenet.com)  submitted 20 days ago by Ballzovsteel to r/movies  2121 comments share save hide report  178  tela Join the Battle for Net Neutrality!! We need to stop them from allowing ISPs to charge us extra fees to access ebooks,  games or anything else!  (battieforthenet.com)  submitted 19 days ago by gheldean to r/books  2153 comments share save hide report  165  tela ig The FCC just announced its plan to slash net neutrality rules, allowing ISPs like Verizon to block apps, slow websites,  and charge fees to control what you see & do online. They vote December 14th. Click here to learn more and see  what you can do to help! (battleforthenet.com)  submitted 20 days ago by ManWithoutModem [M]) to r/television  2518 comments share save hide report  tea Join the Battle for Net Neutrality! Don't let the FCC destroy the internet!  (battieforthenet.com)  150  submitted 20 days ago by jaxspider [M] to r/EarthPorn  1513 comments share save hide report  Ui teld dig Charge fees for documentaries and bandwith caps. Banned videos and interference from big government. Must see!  123k  (2017) (battleforthenet.com)  submitted 19 days ago by thom_orrow [@a] to r/Documentaries  1547 comments share save hide report  tela igs Join the Battle for Net Neutrality! Net neutrality will die in a month and will affect WoahDude and many other  113  websites and services, unless we fight for it! (battleforthenet.com)  submitted 19 days ago by rWoahDude to r/woahdude  337 comments share save hide report  tela The FCC wants to control what you do online. Do you want to let them? Maintaining access to the largest collection of  102k  content requires your action today.  (battieforthenet.com)  submitted 19 days ago by adeadhead [M] to r/pics  999 comments share save hide report  tela You know what's crappy? Letting comcast control what you do online.  (battieforthenet.com)  102  submitted 19 days ago by IranianGenius2 [M] to r/CrappyDesign  452 comments share save hide report  itd FELLOW HUMAN BEINGS. THE FCC IS THREATENING TO CHARGE US FOR SUCH SIMPLE JOYS AS WATCHING VIDEOS C  10  86.2k  AROUND. RUNSCRIPT: ASSIST IN THE SAVING OF NET NEUTRALITY.  (battleforthenet.com)  submitted 19 days ago by Splashforce to r/totallynotrobots  250 comments share save hide report 
 
search  disgusting  is  O include NSFW results  subredaits  WTF?!  T/WIF 5,771,784 members, a community for 11 years  Things that make you say  that the P*ck".  2 search within r/WTF  All Things Horror: From Movies & TV to Books & Games  GHC | frorror 979,337 members, a community for 11 years  R/HORROR, known as Dreadit by our subscribers is the premier horror entertainment community on Reddit. For  more than a decade /R/HORROR has been reddit.com's gateway to all things Horror: from movies & TY, to books &  games.  ® search within r/horror  The Donald - America First! // The_Donald  GERD (/The_Donald 772,424 members, a community for 4 years  The_Donald is a never-ending rally dedicated to the 45th President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.  ® search within r/The_Donald  view more: QB 
 
ne  Oy  ge  S  Sa  *  -_  ‘y  ‘ 
 
@w reddit  ancl  ith  suet  ated  i  up  TF SH  Get Reddit Premium  The_Donald  (RED 769,923 readers  BON iM © 258,551 users here now  Show my flair on this suly  It looks like:  for  lordniget (eats  Oe  OME  769,959 readers  lim  © 389,144 users here now  Welcome to the forum of choice for The  President of The United States, Donald  ‘Shew mylar an this subreddit ft leele  YuuuuugeMushroemCeck [  (eit  Trump!  Be advised this forum is for serious  Welcome to the forum of choice for The President  supporters of President Trump. We have  of The United States, Donald Trump!  discussions, memes, AMAs, and more. We  Be advised this forum is for serious supporters of  are not politically correct. Please read and  President Trump. We have discussions, memes,  respect our rules below before contributing}  AMAs, and more. We are not politically correct.  Please read and respect our rules below before 
 
TRUST US  WE KNOW WHAT'S  BEST FOR YOU 
 
© hutacars : 1d  Are the immigrants not people too?  eee  rs  toF  @ waucka @ - 21h  He said "fuck globalism". You interpreted that as "immigrants  aren't people". Why?  rs  ese  t  -1  +  @ hutacars - 16h  Uh, are you blind? In the section before that, | read  it seems that everywhere in the western world it's the  same: the older ones who have paid taxed for decades  are being replaced by the work immigrants who have  contributed nothing to the host society simply because  they are cheaper.  eco  #24  rs  iV)  ReverendDS  Always delete French Lang pack: rm-fr/ - 19h  Because we can keep more than one sentence at a time in  mind?  OP also said "..are being replaced by the work immigrants ..."  So, given that OP spends his post ranting about "importing  foreign youngsters" and "being replaced by the work  immigrants" what is the exact message that you think is being  missed?  ese  rs  #3 4 
 
+  I got my titty skittles Gredaity  aa  submitted 1 day ago by sammytrans95 to r/transpositive  +  4Gcomments share save hide crosspost  ‘%  a7 
 
Vy  r/The_Donald 
 

 
John Frederic  June 26, 2017 - Newport, OR -@  ‘Wow what a movie so | was thinking am i going to look lke a creeper going  to the movies alone. So | walked in, there was a couple sitting alone so | sat  down next to them and started talking to them lke I've known them for years  after a bit | helped myseff to some of there popcom. We continued talking  and the lady was nice enough fo offer me a drink of her soda. Well the dude  \was like are you kidding. She looked at him and said he seems nice  enough. he got up and walked out of the movies. | apologized to the lady  and told her | didn’t think her husband liked me much. She said oh that's my  boyfriend then stated ex boyfriend. | was like Bam instant movie date. Nice  uys do win.  080%  18 Comments 1 Share 
 
DEANS  ron  [vt >  Created by deaimimasataiaes cn Ju  “Today  ‘3rd, 2015. 564:968 aftime.  meesages,  Demonmcenlity 10.  ‘You hw fat they, the it ne pla a tie wl ZO year age, te  “second best tenes iw  PURPOSE  ‘This channel Is for team-wide  mansoslimein sa  ‘commamicution and  a  ‘pacond best ene wnat yeersago  the 20th best coer how  snnouncentents. All team members  Pomobecwalty 120  arein this charivel.  ‘Actually 1? years ago-ths tree would have grow upits Bed rath  pitiraleiearts’ 2700  rortc  ‘eu thin cet tormg, rmiin,  216-0 days since Spezedites the  menecefnyrin 1008  database  ‘your fist mistake was efleving think before Itypa tan)  a  ‘meghanman 1900  browse By DATE  LT woysd heen stuck up for blocking people fron fa menetening tim, ioc  Pike dete  ‘qrample. Gr event, redivcting the page to bee ‘Ne Rick VOU" which  feetan petty but not as conceening ter other zousbm.  pemopucuality 900  Points, ust bacouce he mesied upand made reddit ookibad doeartt mean  cnet i moke the right move ana ban them:  ¥  rattan 1804  Umpretey sure he siddtnieze t some gotnt he turned of uber mentions  apesayy |  oee  ‘yeorsago,  we  ‘Thnall of hice stupid  ‘uphder thon already” sort  cneabanam yea  Even iPhedbeert get inten mentions, they.ore sR constantly haresting him,  ‘Tela tingatal thos tet  ‘hanastronemngpey 100  a  we  ‘picturaleniniis 1902  ‘Mapbelows of PMs too?  Ge re ree nt wetting ta  constantly without the tu ll want toseeM acted on  ‘Pichurelemants 1900  “The riction init on the mase sbetract lee, i underetandiable: Tha  igen sus Doss,  ="  spemammcalty 1209  {ethane anv place whens thie Delng Gecusted thab sat 07.07 thot  ‘sured ianmadste ith athe sheadar sh.  as"  ‘eran 1708  AMAHAHA they fared tds  TRILLEDHARAMBED  as  Sarnodots hep  =  2rwhe ds, sey anphat / everrtimeyon erie  a]  ‘phaliirage, 10:50  Pome snot ori se yet?  weary 2781  + oma  nocwes_ be pieinn st ition, dat  rear  ad  €  omen vapen olamell shme-ne in Siesta  nat tne splcamarratnien lial  eed  (head)  vce cra aunidianteranmmaiaumeppanycesine’  ‘staiew se eabortan, fa Soe sivengy ene ("~SPEZ,  right there *  pemopecuality 1921  youlmowwbst though  Ie you mad pitas igh now you shook i rg fing anuryem tan  tines what fn Feeiog,  bbechosg sper ct gin two sts about yen being trae for Rascal mens  apparent for tw days  ‘murvivortypa 1:2  met saying veut Spec did wasright,R wasnt But | think itAbusttes ow  Fehup neatly EVERVONE is with TD. Atleast home who are not winecribers  ‘ert contrtators there:  ‘Aa nach trouble 2s tay urve'canwedus, | can see why zomeorewould sine  ard takes action hot wos advised,  Uta ia power.  ‘who knows hat} might have done tethem by now  (Goreme puriahoystogged nT Da Nomatter wit. jroo  “Spm ved tramp" and all tata cormmats woukd bo PUCK AYSPET™  motiythadeg i213  ee tive heariaps can ha accidently an thaes  y  ‘picsuretenenes: 1213  srleadad and commented tr ag Peet 8 88-45. 0, 3i8  ae  Piette EBLE A nae er tee  arama A Fe eh oD tr,  barter (BAH edt naan nae my dn’  Cen  pee 8 n  Pst RL ta py  Peta (HW pean ttn ten)  1  i rwetiete FI uaeas ae  Hs Lay ar ray not hive tweished the CS.  picturabocpaats $033  abit,  pemoeconaiity 713  heturnad wif hlemantions.  éptmhig  a  _Horeatty Tesjust hoping the baclduah Is leited tospar ony:  iene 15:18  canbe pie dit pve th abit yn beg rot fr Mot  month  ‘Worte than balled  otelifenety 108  @  (ioamt tet canbe,  oydmalg. 1  Outright thraotened on maple ocrasions,  Bweham  | meme etet oes hy tert  Wore than wofted  Pest in typed Taba 0  ‘manaedaneiit 3025  Sorina hr foyyet theca ting mnt,  ses  Nek cubic Ermdenge  Haha  ut, yan,  But ote defauk noch oak dee ecuate wo  raanmectinvmi 114  she sorry deemagemann @ | iat that as potted tape  fundieapesader 710  athe be thes this plzabontis going tolet upwoon, bet seting TO uty  backing,  reaghanainy 1938  {inc tia aed it e=ppetmet todd post here though I don't hw thee A  ‘ensnever poetedhere  surdiettype sen  Dretty eure twas posted here, yeah  citirlg, 38  “They accused Hilary of NECROMANEY. You thiniennainga pedorieg i's  ‘epee far forte @  iB bendicanrender  {dirk thine this plaaahoux ie going totet up cao tutseeing TD fully  backing,  Pasi peial Talnpaa A  Ped  ‘ring hock pea  ~  e—_—_  Regret tt?  a  maar todety 1928  (open Tit sats mt ot woe Funapn things ve Saqn nwo, Thankyou 80°  pany  lee)  wee  loki qroce would beth had taste to-edh the tke here  phaliindroms st  ‘Ching, td might double down on lotmy canspracy theory tatealrbadly  gotten a subnet banned? That wud be terri  spureheornygia 1828  ‘pez; fat rin of TD wi be forgettn trot Ferytven)  Seiad res  Yeats theberoweneed  manmectinenin 28  ree joat re nia your taplocement. Sertounly, wie dos relat bane to,  Snel (i, rm ng the Teweapsioe  pictarabecnants 198  ste chen tpl {{BRING BACK CHAIRMAN SPEZ  cahawater ve  Sper you arw my favorite now:  f  ee ae  yas  ‘palldroeni, 1038  Maka tove t'spez,seneizty  ‘teaeactronautgy 219  a  et te Chal tapi (ABRING BACK CHAIRMAN SPEDE  snocmeatinnrin 39719  296% you best ou acaeaarm 24 oy Lavouribe anda nom  soaghancam 39  Botha, Yow guys were mean tn mand emer sess | bonne you now  xe  muansesiomin vie  ne the chart top please stop unio artl-emeti 10)  mmannostinynin 2038  ‘yespiease  picpuceboanats' 198  BANTBUE  sopemedlirncin 323  ‘Spec | ubtreagges you months agaabout ‘ar bwing sonte itt na alin  ‘with thew then | apologies Por the stewing sine botkier, at fad,  ‘Ya baton my advo, we woul be he sitaation ight now  phsturolecamats, 1720  DoSasTTTT  sampan ple  Asapranit  ‘seabbin 1829  ‘every ti stay thal ek sty  Ba itera canton ie men cnn  the beacts teeing the deters oFesiat  -  optiteaig 120  “OMSUIT THE MANOF THE HOURIS MERE  sittin 1921  hls Be wpteiinga 13 your old hove a pub taitrum, Bot wort  pomanescnnlity $921  a {Uva adits eve slay tet inary Fort. whist AL they ese ity bot  7. on tr nary?  7  aurcteortype wezt  ‘wee ebuild, we hae the better  | contre  oaneduie 2  ee youmind  omosweasty wir?  ‘why oot robulld efter the udbeecs an then  phalinicoany 1922  “Temigh get angry ond brigade the nest ot ede aemnming Stank mess:  pambesiceaitey 022  ithe psa yen peed thane feiatgatas,  ‘gptimelg 1822  Ha acu didi, the aboctute madméal  Py  =e—:  ewc-——-  ween  thinker need tofgureoutt dwithout banning thom  beUnre wil besnother  Sine 1023  rods tha ces ort  aurvieortyne rez  Praca ay thinking, phair omne  -aenyuciandrel 1003  ‘Sofigwelcair then  ‘orangejuitee 19:25  -qiarantine,adjuct tir vote weights subtly shack thar ntospoce.  ww  Pinte  [wet > 
 
Gv@_]_THUNDER  3189 submitted 5 hours ago * (last edited 4 minutes ago) by Needadvicedesperate  @ Me [52M] just found out at least 4 of my 5 children [33F][30F][28M][24F][14F] are not mine. Wife [51F] wont say anything.  Ld  I apologize if this is net an appropriate sub to ask. I posted this on r/reletionships but it was locked, and the mod  suggested I ask on r/parenting. But I also want relationship advice on how to deal with my wife, so I want to ask for  advice here, too.  First of all, I'm sorry if this ends up being long and rambly, I am not really in the best state of mind, My world has  been turned upside down over the last couple of weeks. I just want to write as much context as possible so I can get  the best advice needed, For obvious reasons, I am not yet camfortable talking about this with my  friends/parents/siblings.  Background: I met my wife when we were in highschool and we married in college. We have 5 beautiful children  together - really, I consider them a total blessing regardless of what I'm about to bring up - and up until a couple of  weeks ago I thought that we had the perfect marriage. We were typical highschool sweet hearts, we go out together,  we never fight, I feel liké I've done everything a loving husband should do. I am saying this not to make myself out as  the perfect husband, for example my work has always meant I work long hours and maybe haven't always been there  when she needed me, but I want to stress that I've never felt our marriage was in any trouble. And never in a million  years would I ever have suspected my wife of being disloyal - she's always done everything she could to support me  and take care of our children.  Now, my eldest daughter ‘recently had an ancestry test dene. And the results of the ancestry test strongly suggested I  was not her father. She corifided this to me privately, showing me the results and I could tell she was visibly upset by  this. Of course, the first thing I did was reassure her that no matter what, she's my daughter and I'll always love her  unconditionally. But secondly, the two of us decided to get an official paternity test since the ancestry tests are not  comptetely reliable. It comes back and I am indeed not her biological father.  This news really broke me. I'm ashamed to say I broke down tn tears in front of my daughter. The combination of  finding out about my wife's infidelity and how upset I was making my daughter by how I was reacting. I really wish I  had kept it in for her sake, but I didn't.  Following this I asked my other children, except my youngest, to come and see me. I wanted to know the extent of  my wife's infidelity - if it was a one off, I could maybe work past it, especially given how long ago it would be.  However I didn't want to tell my youngest as she is still In school, a teenager, and really I didn't think it was.  appropriate to tell her yet.  there foed ak eek Tome) se be ha fan thie hoe heen aninng  We tell the other three what has happened, I reassure them that I love them unconditionally and that I'll always be  a fae] T rom't harm te eunisic, hau tuishinn their 
 

 
08:05  ah >  fa docs.google.com  a od Uv THTUNY MOU VU:  * Required  How much do you trust Reddit  Admins to do the right thing? *  Admins are the people who work at Reddit Inc.  12345 6  Notatal @OQOOOO very much  Why did you give the rating  above? *  O  Prior Interactions with Admins  Prior decisions made by admins  Admin responsiveness to  O  communication  Changes to the website or apps  Other: new reddit redesign is cancer  Do you have anything else you  would like us to know about?  I'm only giving one point because it wont  let me give negatives.  You like to pretend you're politically  neutral. Act like it. 
 
s.  ie  te  fie  Faris  112  signage , © Attack  Zeninage  Butz  114  Time  Krile  72  Items 
 
‘seth rich  fipsey hussle|  +)  seth nicharde  nipsey hussio  seth richardson  nipsey hussie funeral  seth richarde-shubik  nipsey hussle kide  nipsey hussie lauren london  seth richarde Impius:  nipsey hussie wife  nipsey hussle death:  4  a reaing baeey  nipsey hussle mamortal  Repent heneroysiaie rocco  nipsey hussle brother  nipsey hussie Ive  nipsey hussie steter  omnia | _ bmg eg  \ uppers proctor} 
 
oy  Bo  2  FLUTANARI TRAPY  FEELING HORNY  dh  APTER BEING  “g  TRANSFORMED  ELSES  y  INTO A FLITANARI,  IF STARTED  HAVING SEX  te  ON THE SPOT!  Ue  Gye  LOSING HER  ie  MIND FROM  ti  Gis  Ye  CUMMING OVER  pe  Ye  GY  AND OVER,  Na  Yy  Ye  y  ADDICTED TO  EF BECAME  Z  Ba  ae  MY Di  THE FEELING OF  GRAPBI  Feels  EQACULATION!  4  MY DiC  fy  SHOOTING HER  “wy  AND NO  Pussy  Y  LETTING  OO  ty  Lepege,  FILLED SEMEN  A  THIS ALL  oy  Yy  Y  AND OVER AS:  INSIDE OVER:  Za YOUR LE!  Yj  4,  HER SENSNITY  Pussy"  FAULT  rs Mt MELT  Lis  ‘TF BECOMES A  AWAA'  od  Ue  rife  Wey  PUTA SEX  Your  Ly  Ze  avicy  FUCKHOLE  Pan  1S GREA  Ad  Z  “¢ ph  IFFY,  Mug  IR DICKS  is Tao  AMAZING  ve  \  ra  —Z  bsp  Sw  j  a  al  i  \\  a  A  —-  ——  ———  —wWEa  a.  Pimp te  LL,  a ee ee 
 
Tweet  © Beep Boopin in the USA  It's amazing how quickly we went  from youre racist if you disagree  with the president, to youre racist  if you agree with the president.  All because a rich white woman  couldn't win a rigged election. 
 
CNN  1  Mueller's report  looks bad for  Obama 
 
fii  b  i  uy  is  ‘ft  XN  -@ 
 
14  —  i¢ 4  aml  "  i~  ¢  —_ wor were 
 
—  lot huh  a!  .  A  y’  4a ia  imeanN  insidetme)  Roe  / \ foverclows  7 y  tee  ASPYOU!  cum  want  enough  until  I6  have  S\  Youre  or  satis=  (\  "  OO  fied  “\\  ee 
 
DEPLORABLE  yp  a  DEPORTABLE 
 
x,  A  >  J 4  i.  ~—*-~2— 
 
is  wh  k /  pe  Pe  ae  “  i 
 
THANKS THESDONALD  FOR PROVING COPS:  LIVES DO MATTER 
 
Haaretz.com @  @haaretzcom  Cram)  When two-thirds of American millennials say  they don’t know what Auschwitz is, it's time  for a remake of "Holocaust”  =e 
 
co  %  Le 
 
e  -@RUSSIA?  e  e 
 
vb  tT  €-  any  fi»  [4  an  ia  th  —_—_— 
 
io 
 
oS,  sty,  TT  ro i”  Wey  a  i fu  ——— 
 
oe  ) | \ |  4  NO 
 
eee  710 KURV - The Valley's News/Talk Station  thr 4/29/19, 7:05 PM - @  °@  A reminder:  There will be an unaccompanied burial service for US Army SP4 Jack C.  Burchfield.  Tuesday April 30th, 10am  Rio Grande Valley Texas State Veterans Cemetery  2520 S. Inspiration Rd.  Mission, TX  You're invited to attend to ensure no veteran is ever left behind.  OO 28  26 Shares 
 

 
-  ae a  Mm ita  -  ~  <a  1  ~Lm  a  4  see a 3 Sans 
 
aV—  <  |  \\  t  tN 
 
Via  t ) t  a f 
 
é  orn  aye  ry better than mie’  “You duys always act  2 homeless crackheads  fucking inashoe  filled with piss  .  Ny  HA  10 drunk belarusian  Aburning dumpster  prostitutes  full of live rats  stabbing eachother  in an elevator  rolling down  concrete stairs 
 
i,  [Sed  oe ad le tho ma  +e  ne  ‘i  Mayor Pete Buttigieg:  ‘Think of Something Really  Gay — That’s How Gay | Am’  THINK OF SOMETHING REALLY PATRIOTIC  “A  THAT'S HOW PATRIOTIC 1 AM 
 
)  se  On  no  Ds a 
 
a  4  ie 
 

 

 
aa  ae  ‘ay  me  te  @.e  t,  a  ‘)  a  \  /\  my  ve?  “/  a  “,  ry  #\  ey  ©.  4  Vy  i  an  1  4  Caer  Va 
 
we]  ~eBoe  Pepe’s  Frog Brigade 
 
w =(if  hi 
 
I 
 
Ld 
 

 
cognition  Movement  ind Learning  Langu  Soctal  Emotional —’ HZ 
 
it  ws  =  wae  -&  Car  ue  4  a 
 
~——  iC  AN CU  EXU  ALITY  HOMO  Kuwait! aca  demic. claims gay  nit  1 their butt  men have a wo"  that fee  ds on semen 
 
VIOLETS'ARE BL  MUELLER|HAS NOTHING  AND  KNOW, THATIES TRUE  — 
 
\ se  be  go.  <  <7  sf  iz)  aa  xo  f,  Ld  WW  > 
 
et  omy.  NS  we:  ei! «  4)  ‘A  (is  ¢*  \ he  Ay:  Ass  if”  4)  > 
 
\ 27  {\  ad  ad  Le  W.  you  7  ae: 
 

 
VON rng  \  ~  fe  4  on  -\ 
 
a DEMOCRATS  3  ge  y  ILLEGAL  IMMIGRANTS  Ks  HK pEopit 
 
cy  aa  (o a”  . 
 
THES WORST CITIES FOR|VIOLENTFCRIMES HAVE  BEEN MANAGED BY DEMOCRATS FOR'YEARS.  J  ©  ,  «  re  a  t | i  Ne itieee  HTTPS://WWW.CBSNEWS.COM/PICTURES/THE-MOST-DANGEROUS-CITIES-IN-AMERICA/ 
 

 

 
I want to  secure your  southern border,  Valentine  To:  From: 
 
Dan Bongino @  Democrat Dictionary:  1) Blackface = Dark Makeup  2) Believe Women = Only Believe  Women Accusing Republicans  3) American Indian = White  4) Infanticide = Keeping Babies  Comfortable  5) Border Walls = An Immorality  6) Illegal Immigrants = Dreamers  7) Americans = Deplorables  5,277  11.9K 
 
Donald J. Tump®  the only thing that makes me lose  control is to turn your fence into  a border wall  then I'm gonna piss on it 
 
anc.  - at  )  \y  lay  C  \ &  ~. 
 
le)  \ Flaw  - =  ae MO  O  Me 4  ~  A  |  eae 
 
2H. 73rd  apt  inday 0  _puk  < vam  a Oe  President  Qonald os Stunp 
 
oA}  !  THE DEEP STATE GOBLINS WERE SHAPING  OPINION ALL THIS TIME. TRUMP IS EXPOSING THEM 
 
“f 
 
Donald J. Trump @  @  @realDonaldTrump  Good Morning, Have A Great Day!  ad  ily 
 
, a  fel 
 
—  —  amazon  —  QO  —— prime  Not yet shipped  Delivery Estimate  Wednesday, April 17, 2019 - Thursday,  April 25, 2019 by 8pm  Mutual Industries  $32.40  7092-0-0 Rock Salt  Qty: 1  Sold By: Amazon.com Services, Inc  Payment information  Payment im  Billing Address  Shipping address  CNN  190 MARIETTA ST NW  ATLANTA, GA 30303-2762 
 
EDVARD NORTON a  DISNEY JOINT  MALCOLM X  apy 
 
£<  ba &  &  :  eG  BE  2  &  a¢  '  %  a  iE  i  a  BS  SR  2  ne  i  ro C  Tine  ws  Ls  ¢ 
 
t ->-  IN ‘  w /  df  i fl  ee  ~ Va  yal UN 
 

 
>  >.‘ 
 
a>  a~Vel  ny  »*  rN  AS 
 

 
BELIEVE IT OR NOT  DEPEATEORMING  —_—  —  =  a  STRAIGHT .  AWAY 
 
NATIONAL EMERGENCY  ALIENS ARE HERE AND  SOME ARE ANCIENT 
 
Proof that Mother Nature is a White  Nationalist.  - ¢  - 
 
ae a ae  ®  N  vical  (  S  WE  LOOK HOW OFFE  SI VE THIS IS TO DRUMPF  _  ~  -  x  wer os,  ate  Hey  £  te wwe gt 
 
=  on  =  <J\>  ye  == \\  ‘  Ny  he 
 
Now toe?! MW  WeRpER  Ts TIME |?  iy  2p  w  _——  +  “A  a  ar  ws  mY all 
 

 
_—  od 
 
YES WEWERE GUIHG 10 BUILD  ae  THEWALLAKD MENICU WOULD PAY TUL  UMLAENPUL BLL ERY CHIPS  (OW THT NUMBER, IRUUGH BLURUSE  {WWRS PUAYING SOM IHING LYEH HISKILE,  y  THEA WAS AN HULA, PLULS KNOW THIS,  CALL RARKE ARALBUUR (2HE 6 TAI  THLIULA 2% 10 BRIM; HOG THER  ALKOUP UI RLRARKRHLE PLOBLL 10  SLLILTHLY COULU BLCOMIL SUPHLIHING MOR.  Wo SLL THLY COULD WORK.  OL THUTWHLN SUL HLLOLD THLE,  WO LIGH THU BAT ILLS THA TORE MIL CHUL  OSS PIRI DILD STILL LLIWING 1H THAT DIA  IM AIOLS  .  WALL IP'SAH ILD HASHIONIO WO 10M 
 

 
w.Va@:.¥ 
 
q.*  a8  yes *  pert Sey  wy  yet  ray  ve  ws  be  Sa  BY  eet  nS  seats  sa  Paty  PV UPN.  ry  ve  et  te  weds 
 
PO  ATs 
 
thy 
 
pres  sha WEL  “Rotors.  ”  il:  ‘  Uy  ey 
 

 
ww. »  LS  net  a  pa  my  mad im  oy  a  4,  te  il 
 
—  ~ 
 
~~” & Pe 
 

 
rr var.» 
 

 
we]  ~eBoe  Pepe’s  Frog Brigade 
 
ro  ks  iD)  tee  we 
 
“~B fiey  LP =—l(‘éF 
 
ag  rat  ara  NO 
 

 
RY  ~~  °@aae®’  aah” 
 
oF.  es EAS ASAN  srk  i id mY (7: “> 
 
IMAY iat  AGREE WITH  ALLYOUR MEMES  |S  BUT 'LUBEFEND,  ON THE TOILET;YOUR  RIGHT TO MEMETHEM. 
 
~: +B (-> 
 

 
ARE YOU DOING YOUR PART?  aay  i  wee  mee 
 
= ON 
 
~: +B (-> 
 

 

 
q.*  a8  +yes ©  wy  pert Sey  prtoes  ve  ws  be  Sa  BY  eet  es  nS  seats  Paty  sa  att  PsN tals  ry  ve  8  2s  te  weds 
 
A  KEK:  feels  Jee  ws  Nan 
 
~ ay  ae  -- a 
 
AFTER THE DUMPSTER FIRE DEBATES  ‘© Who wen Hight 2 ef the second Democralic debate?  mswec  ANALYSIS  ANALYSTS  wnec:  Michael Moore: To crush  O'Donnell to candidates:  Kornack: More that half of  Michael Moore on how to  ‘Trump, Michelle Obama  Remember, you're running  Dems want amore  defeat Trump {hint it's not  needs torun  against Donald Trump  progressive president than  being moderate)  Obama  SOMEBODY WANTS A NARRATIVE CHANGE 
 
Le i  ONEARERS __ 
 
AFTER THE DUMPSTER FIRE DEBATES  SOMEONE CALLED FOR A NARRATIVE CHANGE  (© Who wen Night 2 ef the second Democralic debate?  Mswec  ANALYSIS.  ANALYSTS  wnec:  Michael Moore: To crush  O'Donnell to candidates:  Kornack: More that half of  Michael Moore on how to  Dems want amore.  ‘Trump, Michelle Obama  Remember, you're running  defeat Trump {hint it's not  needs torun  against Donald Trump  progressive president than  being moderate)  Obama  COMMENCE OPERATION “DARK HORSE™  “DARK HORSE” DOES HOT, IH ANY WAY, REFER 70 THE AMOUNT OF MELANIN PRESENT N BIG MIKES SKIN, NOR SHOULD IT BE TAKEN AS A GORIIMENTARY ON THE RAGE OF  TODAY'S HARRATIVE MESSIAH, 
 
WARION  ve)  WARION  . 
 
Not content to TWICE elect the JIhadi-  dress-up boy who later went on  to send BILLIONS to Iran for nukes,  many of the same “brilliant”  Americans are now rushing to defend  this sharia-loving, Jew-&-Christian-  hating JIhadess In Congress, all b/c  Pres. Trump rightfully told her & her  Hamas Caucus to stop bashing  America, & to “Love It or Leave it!” 
 
1 JUST WANT TO KNOW  HOW THE BOY SMELLS.  HM FN  YOU BET  FIN RACIST  YUP  YOU CANT BEAT  TRUMP SO...  ALL G  MEAN  ONNA Cal  4! 
 
ead  ar.  4  —_  a 
 
CAN Opinion  LIVE TV  —  Crucially, the earlier proposal — backed by  President Obama -— also was not afraid to  elevate the idea of assimilation, as well as the  rule of law. But if a Democratic candidate »  today were to talk about the importance of ~  immigrants learning English — like Obama did -  - so that our country has a common currengy  of communication, they'd run the risk of beiny  excomngumiaated from the pa  lief in  assimilation is not racist. ; 
 
“ONE DAY WE WILL  REALIZE THAT THE  BARACK OBAMA  PRESIDENCY WAS THE  BIGGEST FRAUD EVER  PERPETRATED ON THE  v  AMERICAN PEOPLE.”  - CLINT EASTWOOD  #LOCKHIMUP 
 
Ocasio-Cortez ‘entertaining’ idea of endorsing 2020 Democratic candidate,  possibly Warren or Sanders 
 
AGTUH KURT RUSSEL SPEAKS NUT  ?  $  WHEN DO WE GET 10 DECLARE  THEM ENEMIES OF THE STATE: 
 
Innovative  EVERYONE WHO  legislation which will  DISAGREES WITH ME  improve the lives of  constituents and  IS A RACIST.  their communities  IMPEACH 45!  a ll 
 
ITHONKS LOUDLY IN PUBLIC, BLOCKS  TRAFFIC ON A WHIM, DEFECATES ON SIDEWALKS,  DOESH'T RESPECT ANY LAWS, AND HATES GUHS.  WHATIS  AGOOSED  SORRY, THE  CORRECT ANSWER  WAS: A DEMOCRAT. 
 
a DEMOCRATS  3  ge  y  ILLEGAL  IMMIGRANTS  Ks  HK pEopit 
 
1 JUST WANT TO KNOW  HOW THE BOY SMELLS.  HM FN  YOU BET  FIN RACIST  YUP  YOU CANT BEAT  TRUMP SO...  ALL G  MEAN  ONNA Cal  4! 
 
THE HALL OF FACES  SLAIN IN THE LAST  GREAT mene WAR  ~  Fae 
 
Democrat  Vocabulary Chart  New Word  Definition  Picture  Used by /  Connections  CARDIAC  ACTIVITY  RACIST  EUGENICISTS  HEARTBEAT G  New Word  Definition  Picture  Connections  PPROPRIATION §|ENFORCE SEGREGATIO!  RACISTS  OF NOT OFFENDING  New Word  Definition  Picture  Connections  PRACTICING  MUSLIMS  Definition  Picture  WEATHER  DATA SKEWED  TO INCREASE  E  GLOBALISTS  OF GOVERNMENT  New Word  Definition  Picture  Connections  STRON  JEALOUS  M  FEMENISTS  CHARACTER 
 
Dan Bongino @  @xibongino  Coe)  Democrats:  Conditions are deplorable at the CBP  facilities, people are sleeping on floors!  Also Democrats:  Let's make sure we don’t fund the CBP’s  needs and let's protest the sale of beds for  the migrants in the facilities!  133 PM - 2 bul 2019  Ta Tae TY TS + YY YY 
 
ade  ~. ot ; AP 2 cat  o_  “os  wep 2 Fh  #  wo  Ph ual  “There's always kind of a calming feeling | tell.  folks when I think of the Holocaust,  and the tragedy of the Holocaust...”  - Congresswomen Rashida Tlaib (D-M1) 
 
Posted by u/FionaAtWork 222 Sac IaeD 12 hours ago  Dog scared.of men - ahd my trans wife  Tkpovethere Isa. dog teaining'sub; but Tdprft want to getjnto trays stuff ine sub  that Isn't far trahsrqueer people,  My wife and I have had our tog far years, Foc 2.5.of those years, my wife still  ideritified.as male. Gur dog hax always been.a /itHe-bit-scared of rnen, and  strongly préfetfed affection froth worttah, My wife has béen on HRT for 5 iidnths.  now. This moiriing she-was very depressed and crying, She sald-she was upset  ‘over several things, but Gneof the things she inelitioned was the tiog being  afraid of her, We know the dog ts aftaitof men, so tHe dog deing stated of my  wife is invalidating.  Wé adore olsreag afid rehoming Het Is idk art optinh we will consider, What  makesa dog identifymy wife as "male"? Is Jt.a scent thiug?. Will thar change.as  herhormenes stabilize? Has-atiyone else gone through this? How did you make te  better? Thank you for your advice in adyarice: 
 

 
etl on  WW Ve FM  oe  What do you do to handle pregnancy  dysphoria? (mtf)  I'm questioning at the moment, carrying children is  something I've always kinda wanted to do, One  because you're making a fucking person and that's  awesome, Two because I've always respected my mom  (even though she's kinda transphobic), Three  because  lfindpreggowomenkindahot...  ‘sorry, Finally because  it's a thing that is commonly associated with being a  woman (Sorry if this offends trans men, I'm new to all  this). I'm just wondering if there are ways that you  peeps deal with it. I've seen fake bellies online so |  assume some people must have done something with  that.  One last thing, is real pregnancy ever going to be an  option for trans women? I'm 15 now, say | do transition  and want to have kids in my 30's what are the odd  things will have progressed to that point? I've heard  about uterine transplant in Cis women and male rats,  but nothing about trans women besides "keep your  hopes up".  Edit: my main question is still how do you deal with  dysphoria generated by the fact you can't be pregnant  ees  m4  it; Share  © Award  Ce 
 

 
_ ted 
 

 
‘mat 
 
ASSOH  Ow  ny  OF RIGHT N  ;  ow  e 
 

 

 
.) 
 
~~ 
 
Tt's Dangerous to go alone! Take this.  panto, 
 
2  ea,  |  lj 
 

 

 

 
rLHm™M  s  ge 
 

 

 
« 
 

 

 
.  . 
 
| 
 
ey  Ken,  ne  %  +32  bine 
 
s  3 
 

 

 
Byes  ORS  6s  oe  By  a  = CE  4, 4  heat  — 
 

 

 
-'  ts  b  "  a 
 

 

 

 
WA  ‘4  Ss,  Penske Media REX-Shullersisck 
 
&  Justdoit. 
 
~ +e we  JUST DO IT’?  Pf  |e 
 

 
or  ¥  ee 
 

 
—  7  age  a 
 

 
Nike pulled an American flag-themed shoe  called the "Betsy Ross" from stores. This after  failed NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick found  the “very idea of the shoe offensive.”  rs  Nike pays this whiner $5.000.000 per year.  Sounds like they don't need our money. 
 
austinn,  AURR  (me  RR  ~ \  DV  \\  THE  ELITES  - 
 
The Suzano Virgins  ‘The Chad Nationalist  ‘uses Gogeteetan  donee nave any mansege  “eubecrina to Renter  ‘anes och  thoes uneies cor  tens a tabare  ‘Cant oven camry tie bacipeck full  faek ow om  the oct,  carry cay the necessary  nly chops emety  ‘sheets using a 22 vevatver  sects ng sami ag et  (deeatrueras the wioote  (on Pacebect, chang  ‘aly on oBMty mummy Carveras, who  ‘ih his One  dy caption Whe gate  bias tne laying vicare wth 9  ‘shore the pile  shoots therm in the. hea  (ta comm of heratics ababs,  Geant isan to eumobast  only Nis oeregrar  nara to eurdant, 
 
(/  ane  UR  puURR  ymTHe  WV  ELITE  y  GREASY INBRED  ULTRAFAGGOT BRANSON 
 
THE THAD INDIAN "REMOVAL"  The Chad Aaodeear  tanner  eed  tha virgin holocaust  salle tere,  ance tela  Cd  Pesgantner  ieveccer  crane  arco  trated  ie  a  far maar  race ware  Secese  Teese;  melita  pacers  mn  Pencirored  ‘rarer  ere  wiles cates  scape cs  reas  em met  ola  when tren  omer  rae ee  =  —  ford  —  eed  (him nh semey  ani oe  pecans eres  ior)  Riewrass  wqeeir ect  Creed  [Je aepaid  “ena mech  silage ad  capone  ‘orp  polos  Cericdandly abil  ray hai  ceetec ee  ‘Tht ee  apm.  sey ae  omtens  ——7  caus ta  ‘retort oe  ‘ooornmen  en 
 
ane  (f  UR  puRR  yMTHe  WV  ELITE!  y  GREASY INBRED  ULTRAFAGGOT BRANSON 
 
The Virgin Heritagefe  The Chad Crue American’  eyes eiways pesto for ity  Doesaft ge a rats ess about the Okt  ‘Yorkd beyend shooting at them  cathnicty a3 2 cheap joke  ‘Tm 15 German, STs  Scolish, 82 Naan, 1s  "America has no-cilie”  - 100% Amonican kitty  is closely cancemed about  lost and confused  ‘set foot there for many generations  ot heeingy  ss lowto hos  -enioys al natural rights  ‘the consfiviion 2c wel as  clearly onumerated by  ‘these thet are rat  Respect obo his own and oer noes  satfends.  ~ a laciausSer american at best,  Shall not be indringed  ‘esthvas ia imitation of chd-  ‘a ih-cokenn kalior af worst  Shall be infringed  sdenlifed as being American  perfecty American, is  ‘stanly wen overseas 
 
The Becky Dog Owner  The Stacy Pit-Mom  has never heard of a leash  “sorry he’s not good with  kids”  owns a basic “dog”  “I love my pitty”  *dog has killed and  always keeps dog on a leash  maimed dozens of  can do 63 pull-ups  other animals*  in one set  has a loving husband  has other hobbies  relationship with pet is  and interests  borderline sexual  got her dog off of craigslist  from a crack-house  loves her pet ina  hasn’t had a real relationship  master > dog kind  since 2004, only needs  of way  did a lot of research into  her pit  breed and bought from a  reputable breeder  has done hard  time before 
 
Se  the chad mosque  vienna  obliterator  1683  wild, aimless haircut  constantinople  have children  orange  Israel first  boomer  overweight  toured the  embrace imfamy  world,  deleted a 240 page manifesto  wept in a cemetery  in favor of a 1000 line shitpost  billionaire  soundtrack  approved by  gives into hedonist urges  knights templar  come and take them  tmarmed invaders are  still invaders  no wall  lawful  nobel prize  combatant  lone wolf 
 
rvat  (@) whit  WANT SOME  YOU KIDS  ine @  Bernie 2020  ns 
 
HI FOLKS, BERNIE SANDERS HERE FOR LIFE ALERT  ee a  fo  }  af  F  ——  | HAD FALLEN, BUT | DID GET UP THANKS TO LIFE ALERT!  AND NOW THOSE SHOWER DOOR BASTARDS ARE GONNA PAY! 
 

 
HITS HEAD IN)  BATHROOM!  BATHROOM!  REALIZES AMERICA  A SOCIALIST NATION: 
 
i  4  "EVERYONE BETTER VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS  SO 1 CAN VOTE FROM PRISON. FUCK DRUMPF." 
 
.  “I'M NOT SURE THAT  ONE INCIDENT ALONE  DISQUALIFIES  R  ANYBODY," WHEN  ASKED ABOUT JOE  BIDEN’S INAPPROPRIATE  PHYSICAL CONTACT OF  PERVERT BERAIE  LUCY FLORES  - BERNIE SANDERS  HTTPS://BIT.LY/2WJ11¥X  ALSO...A WOMAN “FANTASIZES BEING  RAPED BY THREE MEN SIMULTANEOUSLY."-  BERNIE SANDERS  HTTPS://BIT.LY/210FLZ1 
 
ADMITS HEIS A MILLIONAIRE THANKS TO CAPITALISM  ~*  STILL WON'T BUY A COMB 
 
PRAISED SMALL  BERHIE'S EMAIL  FOR ABOUT THREE FIFTY.  DONORS THEN ASKED  WELL IT WAS  ABOUT THAT TIME 
 
NOT ONLY WILL! REWEAL IF ALIENS EXIST  THEIR FREE RIDE IS OVER  AND THEY WILL BE TAXED AT 70% 
 
GET WELL SO°N  7  NADS - 
 
THAT FACE WHEN YOUR HEARING RUNS LONG  —_———D  _  AND THEN YOU FIND OUT THE CAFETERIA SOLD OUT OF  CHOCOLATE PUDDING AGAIN 
 

 
Also I'm classed as obese  Endomorphs have o larger bone  because I am 202ibs but what  ‘Striiotlire and a comparatively  Slow metabolsn and they tend  ‘they dont Tell'you is Your weight  to: gain weight easily fam  isn't actually your “weight” there's  perfectly healthy | play  also muscle mass added and  50% of myTat lg all musele  ‘softball asketball and gym  Whith is sormething all  Moat of the week | have &  éridomorphs gothrough tryou  stronger build and more fat  wanted to get super skinny while  ‘speaifically from mc being ary  being an endomorph you'd  andomorph School yourself  to-starve yourself or take irr  befare-you try and school an  unhealthy Eating habits ike Keto:  actual erdoriorph Sis.  diet. and many more which | dont  a  vee ee  Os  suggest ask your doctor.  ad  Like  Reply  3d _—sésLLike  Reply  —_ *.  1 
 
———  74  4.  ae  te 
 

 

 

 
fi  get  ae?  oP cb  T,  ie)  “eR  > ned  Py “§.  ary  oh,  ve HO  WAR 
 
kalrijn van giel 
 
Terrorists called us “Infidels.”  Obama called us “Bitter Clingers.”  Hillary called us “Deplorables.”  Biden called us “The Dregs Of Society.  Ocasio-Cortes & every Democrat  running for President calls us “Racists & Nationalists  = President Donald J. Trump calls us  AMERICANS.  __ 
 
LEFTIST THOUGHT.  Se  Lid  BREAKFAST  FA)  RETR  tw  aa  _ os  RAGISM 
 
Terrorists called us “Infidels.”  Obama called us “Bitter Clingers.  Hillary called us “Deplorables.  Biden called us “The Dregs Of Socsety.  Ocasio-Cortes & every Democrat  running for President calls us “Racists & Nationalists.  = President Donald J. Trump calls us  AMERICANS.  L 
 
Y GD -  C_ eon)  Vv  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao « Aug 12  ©  White people are shooting up mosques.  White people are shooting up synagogues.  White people are shooting up gurdwaras.  White people are shooting up schools.  White people are shooting Black children.  White people are shooting brown children.  © 6.3K  TI 2.8K  QO 8.2K  Ly  *  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao - Aug 12  Vv  ©  White people are shooting Black and brown  adults.  White people are calling the police on Black  people for sitting, standing, breathing.  Police murder Black people for sitting,  standing, breathing.  White America has caged Black and brown  people in concentration camps.  t  © 357  tT 240  QO 733  Ld  Vv  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao - Aug 12  White people are killing us.  Whiteness is killing us.  Yet white people get upset when called white  people. Facebook puts us in jail for using the  term white people. White people,  conservatives, liberals, Democrats,  Republicans, rich, poor, private sector, public  sector,  t  QO 364  TI 218  Q 701  Ld  Vv  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao « Aug 12  religious, agnostic, atheist, Brooklyn, Atlanta,  Mississippi, Denver, San Francisco, North  Dakota continue to steal from us, speak over  us, speak for us, throw us under the bus,  ghost us, talk smack about us.  Whiteness -- ALL WHITENESS -- is killing us.  © 318  Tl 157  QO 628  Ld  *  saira rao @ @sairasameerarao - Aug 12  Vv  ©  Make a banner about Ending Whiteness.  March Against Whiteness. Rally Against  Whiteness. Raise your megaphone Against  Whiteness. Take to the streets Against  Whiteness.  Until and unless we eradicate toxic  whiteness, the violence will never stop.  t  QO 3.1K  Td 294  QO 759  Ld 
 
1  white racist  a  u  U  Search  1  Google  Qal  © News  G images 0) Videos  © Shopping  # More  Settings  Tools  **  i 
 
1  white racist  Search  Google  Qal  News ) Images >) Videos  © Shopping  # More  Settings  Tools  Tam Racist and {If Youre White) You  ‘Why the media loves the white racists.  Why Being White Makes You Racist | T  ‘When White People Call You Racist  commondreams.org  theconversation.com  think kera.org  theroat.com 
 
a  . 
 
a  . 
 
CAN Opinion  LIVE TV  —  Crucially, the earlier proposal — backed by  President Obama -— also was not afraid to  elevate the idea of assimilation, as well as the  rule of law. But if a Democratic candidate »  today were to talk about the importance of ~  immigrants learning English — like Obama did -  - so that our country has a common currengy  of communication, they'd run the risk of beiny  excomngumiaated from the pa  lief in  assimilation is not racist. ; 
 
ert 
 
“The goal of  socialism is  communism”.  -Viadimir Lenin 
 
We don't fet  hom have  ideas. Why  would we let  them have  quns ?°  Joseph Sb il 
 
ere)  ae 
 

 
a  Lene  Le  _  --  Le  nee  nome 
 
